
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               181801452000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 360665                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 840512                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   573962                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   368.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              493788853                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   132788452                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     211319444                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.181801                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                181801452000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu0.Branches                         11271693                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   50000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     93416416                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data     10895037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10895037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 111544.753192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111544.753192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 109544.753192                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109544.753192                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data     10880390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10880390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1633796000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1633796000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.001344                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001344                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data        14647                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14647                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1604502000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1604502000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.001344                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001344                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        14647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data      7274294                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7274294                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 63527.700724                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63527.700724                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 61527.700724                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61527.700724                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data      7222382                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7222382                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   3297850000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3297850000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.007136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data        51912                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        51912                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   3194026000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3194026000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.007136                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007136                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        51912                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        51912                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data     18169331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18169331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 74094.352379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74094.352379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 72094.352379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72094.352379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data     18102772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        18102772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   4931646000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4931646000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data        66559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         66559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   4798528000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4798528000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        66559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        66559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data     18169331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18169331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 74094.352379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74094.352379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 72094.352379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72094.352379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data     18102772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       18102772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   4931646000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4931646000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data        66559                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        66559                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   4798528000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4798528000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        66559                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66559                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181801452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                 65535                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          745                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           272.980829                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        36405221                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data  1020.421521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.996505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181801452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            66559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         36405221                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.421521                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           18169331                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           220000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        61928                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            61928                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10895037                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         9280                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181801452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7274294                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          906                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst     67564204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     67564204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 26552.236558                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26552.236558                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 24552.236558                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24552.236558                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst     67338500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       67338500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5992946000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5992946000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       225704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5541538000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5541538000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       225704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst     67564204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     67564204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 26552.236558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26552.236558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 24552.236558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24552.236558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst     67338500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        67338500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5992946000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5992946000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        225704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5541538000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5541538000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst     67564204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     67564204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 26552.236558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26552.236558                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 24552.236558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24552.236558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst     67338500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       67338500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5992946000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5992946000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       225704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5541538000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5541538000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       225704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181801452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                225451                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           299.348722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       135354112                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   252.712299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.987157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181801452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           225704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        135354112                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          252.712299                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           67564204                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           107000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181801452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181801452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                   67564204                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          150                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.numCycles                       181801452                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                 181801452                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            57999789                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           29711192                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      9157455                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses               1222432                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                      1222432                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads             1373816                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes             922801                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     950822                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             92671260                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    92671260                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          179379720                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          74049566                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   10889359                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     18163650                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   7274291                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               166650      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 74178542     79.41%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  223387      0.24%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                       21      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                 117293      0.13%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                     374      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                     100      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                  110402      0.12%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                 455811      0.49%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                   186      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                10590223     11.34%     91.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                7085002      7.58%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead             299136      0.32%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite            189289      0.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  93416416                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   181801452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.Branches                          2110504                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   27611225                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     39322115                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data      5912947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5912947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 128313.447789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128313.447789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 126313.450478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126313.450478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data      5169308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        5169308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  95418884000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  95418884000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.125765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.125765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data       743639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       743639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  93931608000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  93931608000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.125765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       743639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       743639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data      1837134                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1837134                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 83536.363636                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83536.363636                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 81536.363636                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81536.363636                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data      1835044                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1835044                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    174591000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    174591000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.001138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data         2090                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2090                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    170411000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    170411000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.001138                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001138                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data         2090                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2090                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data      7750081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      7750081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 128187.954337                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128187.954337                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 126187.957019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126187.957019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data      7004352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         7004352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  95593475000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  95593475000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.096222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data       745729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        745729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  94102019000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  94102019000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.096222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       745729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       745729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data      7750081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      7750081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 128187.954337                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128187.954337                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 126187.957019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126187.957019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data      7004352                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        7004352                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  95593475000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  95593475000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.096222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data       745729                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       745729                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  94102019000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  94102019000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.096222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       745729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       745729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181801452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                744704                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          901                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.392636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        16245890                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data  1022.833149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.998860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181801452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           745728                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         16245890                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.833149                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            7750080                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           227000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks       733486                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           733486                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                    5912947                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                        12251                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181801452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                    1837134                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                           65                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst     36014980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     36014980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 82002.366304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82002.366304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 80002.366304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80002.366304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst     36012867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       36012867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    173271000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    173271000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst         2113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    169045000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    169045000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         2113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst     36014980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     36014980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 82002.366304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82002.366304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 80002.366304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80002.366304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst     36012867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        36012867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    173271000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    173271000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst         2113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          2113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    169045000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    169045000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         2113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst     36014980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     36014980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 82002.366304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82002.366304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 80002.366304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80002.366304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst     36012867                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       36012867                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    173271000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    173271000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst         2113                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         2113                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    169045000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    169045000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         2113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181801452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                  1857                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         17044.477047                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        72032073                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   255.846569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.999401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181801452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2113                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         72032073                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.846569                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           36014980                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           113000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181801452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181801452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                   36014980                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                          241                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.numCycles                       181801146                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                 181801146                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            11243778                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           21380438                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1238581                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                 69763                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                        69763                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               96543                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              51076                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                      17684                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             39270818                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    39270818                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           80744852                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          35383348                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    5912924                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      7750052                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   1837128                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                18860      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 31479570     80.06%     80.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                      27      0.00%     80.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    34400      0.09%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   2710      0.01%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                   1088      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                    5968      0.02%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                   10785      0.03%     80.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                   11614      0.03%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                   6254      0.02%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                   787      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 5894710     14.99%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                1825449      4.64%     99.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead              18214      0.05%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite             11679      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  39322115                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   181801452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu2.Branches                          2109722                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   27599955                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     39306337                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.data      5910555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5910555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 128477.958793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128477.958793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 126477.961484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126477.961484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.data      5167583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        5167583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  95455526000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  95455526000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.125703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.125703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.data       742972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       742972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  93969584000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  93969584000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.125703                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125703                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data       742972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       742972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu2.data      1836398                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1836398                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 81757.761054                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81757.761054                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 79757.761054                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79757.761054                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu2.data      1834272                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1834272                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data    173817000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    173817000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.001158                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001158                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu2.data         2126                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2126                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data    169565000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    169565000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.001158                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001158                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data         2126                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2126                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data      7746953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      7746953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 128344.651308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128344.651308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 126344.653992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126344.653992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu2.data      7001855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         7001855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  95629343000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  95629343000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.096179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu2.data       745098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        745098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  94139149000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  94139149000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.096179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data       745098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       745098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data      7746953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      7746953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 128344.651308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128344.651308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 126344.653992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126344.653992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu2.data      7001855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        7001855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  95629343000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  95629343000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.096179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu2.data       745098                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       745098                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  94139149000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  94139149000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.096179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data       745098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       745098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181801452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements                744073                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          901                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.397240                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        16239003                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data  1022.841081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data     0.998868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181801452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           745097                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         16239003                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.841081                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            7746952                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           235000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks       733098                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           733098                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                    5910555                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                        12246                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181801452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                    1836398                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                           65                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst     36000306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     36000306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 82339.088729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82339.088729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 80339.088729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80339.088729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.inst     35998221                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       35998221                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    171677000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    171677000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.inst         2085                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2085                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    167507000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    167507000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         2085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst     36000306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     36000306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 82339.088729                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82339.088729                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 80339.088729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80339.088729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst     35998221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        35998221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    171677000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    171677000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst         2085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          2085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    167507000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    167507000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         2085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst     36000306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     36000306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 82339.088729                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82339.088729                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 80339.088729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80339.088729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst     35998221                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       35998221                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    171677000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    171677000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst         2085                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         2085                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    167507000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    167507000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         2085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181801452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.replacements                  1829                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         17266.333813                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        72002697                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst   255.846660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst     0.999401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181801452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2085                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         72002697                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.846660                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           36000306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           120000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181801452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181801452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                   36000306                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                          241                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.numCycles                       181801134                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                 181801134                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads            11239776                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes           21371790                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      1238167                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 69763                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        69763                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               96543                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              51076                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      17684                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             39255040                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    39255040                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           80712330                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          35369088                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    5910532                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      7746924                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   1836392                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                18860      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 31466920     80.06%     80.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                      27      0.00%     80.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    34400      0.09%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                   2710      0.01%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                   1088      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                    5968      0.02%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                   10785      0.03%     80.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                   11614      0.03%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                   6254      0.02%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                   787      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 5892318     14.99%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                1824713      4.64%     99.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead              18214      0.05%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite             11679      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  39306337                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   181801452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu3.Branches                          2108147                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   27577272                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     39274576                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.data      5905740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5905740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 128679.024619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128679.024619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 126679.027313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126679.027313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.data      5163384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        5163384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  95525646000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  95525646000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.125701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.125701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.data       742356                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       742356                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  94040936000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  94040936000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.125701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       742356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       742356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu3.data      1834916                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1834916                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 85243.878550                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85243.878550                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 83243.878550                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83243.878550                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu3.data      1832874                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1832874                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    174068000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    174068000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.001113                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001113                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu3.data         2042                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2042                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    169984000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    169984000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.001113                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001113                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data         2042                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2042                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data      7740656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total      7740656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 128559.875228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128559.875228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 126559.877915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126559.877915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu3.data      6996258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total         6996258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  95699714000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  95699714000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.096167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu3.data       744398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total        744398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  94210920000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  94210920000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.096167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       744398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       744398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data      7740656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total      7740656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 128559.875228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128559.875228                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 126559.877915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126559.877915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu3.data      6996258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total        6996258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  95699714000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  95699714000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.096167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu3.data       744398                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total       744398                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  94210920000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  94210920000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.096167                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096167                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       744398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       744398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181801452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements                743373                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          901                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.398557                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        16225709                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data  1022.919407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data     0.998945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181801452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           744397                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         16225709                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.919407                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            7740655                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           242000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks       732363                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           732363                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                    5905740                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                        12240                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181801452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                    1834916                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                           61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst     35970771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     35970771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 82600.385171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82600.385171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 80600.385171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80600.385171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.inst     35968694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       35968694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    171561000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    171561000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.inst         2077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    167407000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    167407000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         2077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst     35970771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     35970771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 82600.385171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82600.385171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 80600.385171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80600.385171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst     35968694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        35968694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    171561000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    171561000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst         2077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          2077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    167407000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    167407000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         2077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst     35970771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     35970771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 82600.385171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82600.385171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 80600.385171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80600.385171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst     35968694                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       35968694                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    171561000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    171561000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst         2077                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         2077                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    167407000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    167407000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         2077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181801452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.replacements                  1821                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         17318.618681                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        71943619                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst   255.846637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst     0.999401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181801452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2077                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         71943619                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.846637                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           35970771                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           128000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181801452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181801452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                   35970771                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                          244                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.numCycles                       181801141                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                 181801141                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            11231718                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           21354384                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      1237333                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                 69763                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                        69763                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               96543                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes              51076                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      17684                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             39223279                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    39223279                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           80646867                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          35340384                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    5905717                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      7740627                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1834910                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                18860      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 31441456     80.06%     80.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                      27      0.00%     80.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    34400      0.09%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   2710      0.01%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                   1088      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                    5968      0.02%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                   10785      0.03%     80.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                   11614      0.03%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                   6254      0.02%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                   787      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 5887503     14.99%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1823231      4.64%     99.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead              18214      0.05%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite             11679      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  39274576                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   181801452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       676859                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       198653                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         6083                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2236161                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         5999                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2234268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         5975                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2232168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                 7596166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     14445056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8223168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       135232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     94669696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       133440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     94604480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       132928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     94512640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total                306856640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181801452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           9584156000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                5.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           677113998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           199680996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer2.occupancy             6342996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer3.occupancy          2238193989                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer3.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer4.occupancy             6259995                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer5.occupancy          2236282008                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer5.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer6.occupancy             6233997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer7.occupancy          2234164026                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer7.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                   144105664                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            5572323                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.123936                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.329510                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  4881710     87.61%     87.61% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   690612     12.39%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                        1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::3                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::4                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::5                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::6                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::7                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::8                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total              5572323                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2528643                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       690611                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        5062406                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           690612                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoops                           3038560                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             2475590                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       4512526                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            983639                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq              71038                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              58170                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             58170                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        2475593                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks        11165                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        11165                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.l2cache.prefetcher 91960.697043                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91960.697043                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.l2cache.prefetcher   3561177993                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3561177993                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::.l2cache.prefetcher        38725                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total        38725                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data        51912                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data         2090                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu2.data         2126                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu3.data         2042                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total        58170                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 124527.693536                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 106367.187500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 106753.256151                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 105988.756149                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121202.103616                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 104527.693536                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 86367.187500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 86753.256151                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 85988.756149                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101202.103616                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu0.data        33117                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data          682                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu2.data          744                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu3.data          619                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total            35162                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   2340498000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    149765000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data    147533000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    150822000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2788618000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.362055                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.673684                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.650047                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.696866                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.395530                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data        18795                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data         1408                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu2.data         1382                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu3.data         1423                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total          23008                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1964598000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    121605000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data    119893000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    122362000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2328458000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.362055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.673684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.650047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.696866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.395530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        18795                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data         1408                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data         1382                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data         1423                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        23008                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data        14647                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst         2113                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data       743639                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst         2085                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.data       742972                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst         2077                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.data       742356                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      2475593                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 112566.052842                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 125680.096966                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 106796.954315                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 123734.110845                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 106035.481535                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 123855.147510                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 106166.666667                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 124056.290021                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123852.610068                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 92566.052842                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 105680.096966                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 86796.954315                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 103734.137851                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 86035.481535                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 103855.174529                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 86166.666667                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 104056.317062                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103852.636880                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.inst       224455                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data         2684                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.inst          734                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data         3071                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu2.inst          704                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu2.data         2750                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu3.inst          697                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu3.data         2740                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       237835                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    140595000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1503511000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    147273000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  91633523000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    146435000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  91680305000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    146510000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  91754017000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 277152169000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.005534                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.816754                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.652627                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.995870                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.662350                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.996299                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.664420                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.996309                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.903928                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.inst         1249                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data        11963                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.inst         1379                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data       740568                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.inst         1381                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.data       740222                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.inst         1380                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.data       739616                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      2237758                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    115615000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1264251000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    119693000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  76822183000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    118815000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  76875885000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    118910000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  76961717000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 232397069000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.005534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.816754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.652627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.995870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.662350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.996299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.664420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.996309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.903928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         1249                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        11963                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1379                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       740568                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         1381                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data       740222                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         1380                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       739616                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      2237758                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      2260875                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2260875                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      2260875                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total      2260875                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data        66559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst         2113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data       745729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst         2085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data       745098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst         2077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data       744398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         2533763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 112566.052842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 124975.908707                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 106796.954315                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 123701.154754                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 106035.481535                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 123823.277652                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 106166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 124021.595355                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123825.635647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 92566.052842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 104975.908707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 86796.954315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 103701.181709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 86035.481535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 103823.304621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 86166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 104021.622344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103825.662187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst         224455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data          35801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst            734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data           3753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst            704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu2.data           3494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst            697                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu3.data           3359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              272997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    140595000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   3844009000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    147273000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  91783288000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    146435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  91827838000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    146510000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  91904839000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total 279940787000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.005534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.462116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.652627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.994967                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.662350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.995311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.664420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.995488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.892256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst         1249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data        30758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst         1379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data       741976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst         1381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu2.data       741604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst         1380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu3.data       741039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total           2260766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    115615000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   3228849000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    119693000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  76943788000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    118815000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  76995778000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    118910000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  77084079000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 234725527000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.005534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.462116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.652627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.994967                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.662350                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.995311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.664420                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.995488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.892256                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         1249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        30758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       741976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         1381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data       741604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         1380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       741039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2260766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data        66559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst         2113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data       745729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst         2085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data       745098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst         2077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data       744398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total        2533763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 112566.052842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 124975.908707                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 106796.954315                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 123701.154754                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 106035.481535                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 123823.277652                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 106166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 124021.595355                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123825.635647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 92566.052842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 104975.908707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 86796.954315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 103701.181709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 86035.481535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 103823.304621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 86166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 104021.622344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.l2cache.prefetcher 91960.697043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103625.848065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst        224455                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data         35801                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst           734                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data          3753                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst           704                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu2.data          3494                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst           697                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu3.data          3359                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             272997                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    140595000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   3844009000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    147273000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  91783288000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    146435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  91827838000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    146510000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  91904839000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total 279940787000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.005534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.462116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.652627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.994967                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.662350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.995311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.664420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.995488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.892256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst         1249                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data        30758                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst         1379                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data       741976                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst         1381                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu2.data       741604                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst         1380                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu3.data       741039                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total          2260766                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    115615000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   3228849000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    119693000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  76943788000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    118815000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  76995778000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    118910000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  77084079000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.l2cache.prefetcher   3561177993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 238286704993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.005534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.462116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.652627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.994967                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.662350                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.995311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.664420                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.995488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.907540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         1249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        30758                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       741976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         1381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data       741604                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         1380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       741039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.l2cache.prefetcher        38725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2299491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued        42875                       # number of hwpf issued
system.l2cache.prefetcher.pfBufferHit               0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.l2cache.prefetcher.pfIdentified          42875                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.l2cache.prefetcher.pfInCache                 0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.l2cache.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull             0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.l2cache.prefetcher.pfSpanPage         17566261                       # number of prefetches that crossed the page
system.l2cache.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181801452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181801452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.replacements                   2967522                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::2           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          160                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1481                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         6464                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.710456                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses            83974194                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks  1120.302766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst    12.681965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data    91.105229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst     5.330227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data  1360.794861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst     5.316703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data  2768.234927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst     5.379860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data  2676.636409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.l2cache.prefetcher   135.775620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.136756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.001548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.011121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.000651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.166113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst     0.000649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data     0.337919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst     0.000657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data     0.326738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.l2cache.prefetcher     0.016574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.009521                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.990479                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181801452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              2975714                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses             83974194                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             8181.558569                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                5089827                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                86000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.unused_prefetches                  862                       # number of HardPF blocks evicted w/o reference
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks        2251651                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total              2251651                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       39947.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 52326.83                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   2251651.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples      1249.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples     30756.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples      1379.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples    741963.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu2.inst::samples      1381.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu2.data::samples    741593.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu3.inst::samples      1380.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu3.data::samples    741035.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.l2cache.prefetcher::samples     38590.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      33576.83                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        809.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     809.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        2.67                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        792.65                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     792.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.06                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         12.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      6.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     6.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst       439688                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst       485453                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu2.inst       486157                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu3.inst       485805                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1897103                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu0.inst            439688                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu0.data          10827812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu1.inst            485453                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu1.data         261199234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu2.inst            486157                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu2.data         261068278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu3.inst            485805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu3.data         260869380                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.l2cache.prefetcher     13584930                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              809446736                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       792654087                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu0.inst           439688                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu0.data         10827812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu1.inst           485453                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu1.data        261199234                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu2.inst           486157                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu2.data        261068278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu3.inst           485805                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu3.data        260869380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.l2cache.prefetcher     13584930                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1602100824                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       792654087                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             792654087                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples      3304181                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean      88.149282                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     79.455997                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     52.399361                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127       2513592     76.07%     76.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255       737130     22.31%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        42946      1.30%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5040      0.15%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3709      0.11%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          667      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          341      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          179      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          577      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total       3304181                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM               147156864                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                147158784                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1920                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                144104512                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys             144105664                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        79936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst        88256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu2.inst        88384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu3.inst        88320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         344896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst          79936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu0.data        1968512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst          88256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu1.data       47486400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu2.inst          88384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu2.data       47462592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu3.inst          88320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu3.data       47426432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.l2cache.prefetcher      2469760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total           147158592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks    144105664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total        144105664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst         1249                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data        30758                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst         1379                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data       741976                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.inst         1381                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.data       741604                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.inst         1380                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.data       741039                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.l2cache.prefetcher        38590                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     41054.24                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     53359.19                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst     35352.61                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data     52027.94                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.inst     34601.02                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.data     52199.35                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.inst     34722.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.data     52380.35                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.l2cache.prefetcher     60867.92                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst        79936                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data      1968384                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst        88256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data     47485632                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.inst        88384                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.data     47461952                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.inst        88320                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.data     47426240                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.l2cache.prefetcher      2469760                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 439688.457493727794                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 10827108.245538104326                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 485452.668441833986                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 261195009.597613126040                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu2.inst 486156.733225651027                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu2.data 261064757.612606972456                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu3.inst 485804.700833742507                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu3.data 260868323.537922024727                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.l2cache.prefetcher 13584930.003749364987                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst     51276752                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data   1641221929                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst     48751251                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data  38603480147                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.inst     47784002                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.data  38711245466                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.inst     47917502                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.data  38815879132                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.l2cache.prefetcher   2348892921                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      2251651                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   1941430.43                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks    144104512                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 792647750.690132021904                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 4371423760767                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds        116596                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              6488522                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState             2137834                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds        116596                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu0.inst            1249                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu0.data           30758                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu1.inst            1379                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu1.data          741975                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu2.inst            1381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu2.data          741603                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu3.inst            1380                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu3.data          741038                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.l2cache.prefetcher        38590                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total              2299353                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks       2251651                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total             2251651                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     27.40                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0             143357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1             144109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2             143682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3             143424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4             143328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5             143488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6             143783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7             143662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8             143509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9             145436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10            144439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11            143560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12            143120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13            143230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14            143305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15            143894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0             140152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1             140950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2             141369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3             141430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4             140979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5             141243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6             140818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7             140365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8             140222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9             141081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10            140775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11            140734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12            140747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13            140297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14            140176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15            140295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000672748498                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181801452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples       116596                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       19.720402                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      19.382739                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      26.097344                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511         116595    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total         116596                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   804069                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                   805047                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                   648882                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                    13770                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                     6634                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                     5837                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                     4798                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                     4230                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                     3052                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                     1509                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                     916                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                     495                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                      20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                      18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                      22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                      22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                    2299356                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                2299356                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                      2299356                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                   2.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     57355                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      30                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                 11496630000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   181801146000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat             120316449102                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                   77204086602                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples       116596                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       19.311409                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      19.243186                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.623079                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              7926      6.80%      6.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              2545      2.18%      8.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             29679     25.45%     34.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19             19287     16.54%     50.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20             28527     24.47%     75.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::21             23901     20.50%     95.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::22              2762      2.37%     98.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::23               874      0.75%     99.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::24               516      0.44%     99.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::25               287      0.25%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::26               106      0.09%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::27                85      0.07%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::28                36      0.03%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::29                31      0.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::30                22      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::31                11      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::32                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total         116596                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                  102409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                  106841                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                  112368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                  115222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                  117293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                  120057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                  123164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                  126524                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                  129426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                  135224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                  138009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                  146271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                  146400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                  144995                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                  132173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                  117288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                  117146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                  117228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                    1894                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                    1071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                     527                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                      81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                   2251651                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6               2251651                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                     2251651                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 52.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                  1189420                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy           81928638210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy               11794344660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             710.937516                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     364044497                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF     6070740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   175366667503                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy             819220320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                6268835265                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy               8202667620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          14351229360.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy                 0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy            129249472755                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime                     0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy              5884537320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy           81905306400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy               11797529100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             710.923720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     442029998                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF     6070740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   175288682002                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy             838868160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                6270531630                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy               8214512880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          14351229360.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy                 0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy            129246964470                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime                     0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy              5868986940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      6886919                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::total      6886919                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                6886919                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    291264256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::total    291264256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               291264256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181801452000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy         13643114977                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               7.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy        12924855077                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              7.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           2299356                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 2299356    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             2299356                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2288210                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       4587566                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            2276345                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2251651                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            36559                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             23008                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            23008                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       2276348                       # Transaction distribution

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
