
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               181121955000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 413375                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 744476                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   772318                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   483.75                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              374408942                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   199971760                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     373612323                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.181122                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                181121955000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu0.Branches                         11270107                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   49993256                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     93403674                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data     10893622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10893622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 95921.780812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95921.780812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 93921.780812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93921.780812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data     10879853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10879853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1320747000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1320747000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.001264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data        13769                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13769                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1293209000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1293209000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.001264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        13769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data      7273348                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7273348                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 58100.339742                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58100.339742                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 56100.339742                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56100.339742                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data      7221544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7221544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   3009830000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3009830000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.007122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data        51804                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        51804                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   2906222000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2906222000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.007122                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007122                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        51804                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        51804                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data     18166970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18166970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 66042.075244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66042.075244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 64042.075244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64042.075244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data     18101397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        18101397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   4330577000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4330577000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data        65573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         65573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   4199431000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4199431000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        65573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        65573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data     18166970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18166970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 66042.075244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66042.075244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 64042.075244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64042.075244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data     18101397                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       18101397                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   4330577000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4330577000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data        65573                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        65573                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   4199431000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4199431000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        65573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        65573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181121955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                 64549                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          749                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           277.049548                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        36399513                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data  1020.706258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.996783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181121955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            65573                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         36399513                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.706258                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           18166970                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           220000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        61440                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            61440                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10893622                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         9190                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181121955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7273348                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          888                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst     67555121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     67555121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 26300.327459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26300.327459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 24300.327459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24300.327459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst     67329444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       67329444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5935379000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5935379000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst       225677                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       225677                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5484025000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5484025000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst       225677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       225677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst     67555121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     67555121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 26300.327459                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26300.327459                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 24300.327459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24300.327459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst     67329444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        67329444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5935379000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5935379000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst       225677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        225677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5484025000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5484025000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst       225677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       225677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst     67555121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     67555121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 26300.327459                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26300.327459                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 24300.327459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24300.327459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst     67329444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       67329444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5935379000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5935379000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst       225677                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       225677                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5484025000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5484025000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst       225677                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       225677                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181121955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                225424                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           299.344289                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       135335919                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   252.709626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.987147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181121955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           225677                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        135335919                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          252.709626                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           67555121                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           107000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181121955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181121955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                   67555121                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           49                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.numCycles                       181121955                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                 181121955                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            57991667                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           29707153                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      9156154                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses               1222279                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                      1222279                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads             1373646                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes             922686                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     950698                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             92658611                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    92658611                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          179355484                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          74039453                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   10887946                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     18161291                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   7273345                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               166629      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 74168299     79.41%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  223353      0.24%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                       21      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                 117278      0.13%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                     374      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                     100      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                  110388      0.12%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                 455755      0.49%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                   186      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                10588848     11.34%     91.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                7084080      7.58%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead             299098      0.32%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite            189265      0.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  93403674                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   181121955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.Branches                         11271693                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   50000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     93416416                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     10895037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10895037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 95842.269689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95842.269689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 93842.269689                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93842.269689                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data     10881273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10881273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1319173000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1319173000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.001263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data        13764                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13764                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1291645000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1291645000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.001263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        13764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data      7274294                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7274294                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 57632.703480                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57632.703480                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 55632.703480                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55632.703480                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data      7222483                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7222483                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   2986008000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2986008000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.007122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data        51811                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        51811                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   2882386000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2882386000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.007122                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007122                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        51811                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        51811                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data     18169331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18169331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 65652.779260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65652.779260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 63652.779260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63652.779260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data     18103756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        18103756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   4305181000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4305181000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.003609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data        65575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         65575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   4174031000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4174031000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.003609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        65575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        65575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data     18169331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18169331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 65652.779260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65652.779260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 63652.779260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63652.779260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data     18103756                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       18103756                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   4305181000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4305181000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.003609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data        65575                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        65575                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   4174031000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4174031000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.003609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        65575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        65575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181121955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                 64551                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          773                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           277.077103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        36404237                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data  1020.375414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.996460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181121955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            65575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         36404237                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.375414                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           18169331                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           283000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        61409                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            61409                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                   10895037                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                         9193                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181121955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                    7274294                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                          888                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst     67564204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     67564204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 26308.554567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26308.554567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 24308.554567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24308.554567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst     67338500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       67338500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   5937946000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5937946000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst       225704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       225704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   5486538000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5486538000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst       225704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       225704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst     67564204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     67564204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 26308.554567                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26308.554567                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 24308.554567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24308.554567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst     67338500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        67338500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   5937946000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5937946000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        225704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   5486538000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5486538000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst     67564204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     67564204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 26308.554567                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26308.554567                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 24308.554567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24308.554567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst     67338500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       67338500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   5937946000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5937946000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst       225704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       225704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   5486538000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5486538000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst       225704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       225704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181121955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                225451                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           299.348722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       135354112                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   252.708386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.987142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181121955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           225704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        135354112                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          252.708386                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           67564204                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           156000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181121955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181121955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                   67564204                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                           49                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.numCycles                       181121955                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                 181121955                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            57999789                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           29711192                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      9157455                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses               1222432                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                      1222432                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads             1373816                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes             922801                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     950822                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             92671260                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    92671260                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          179379720                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          74049566                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   10889359                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     18163650                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   7274291                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               166650      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 74178542     79.41%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                  223387      0.24%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                       21      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                 117293      0.13%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                     374      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                     100      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                  110402      0.12%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                 455811      0.49%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                   186      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                10590223     11.34%     91.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                7085002      7.58%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead             299136      0.32%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite            189289      0.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  93416416                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   181121955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu2.Branches                         11267624                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   49982587                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     93383532                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.data     10891360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10891360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 90966.725760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90966.725760                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 88966.725760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88966.725760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.data     10876694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10876694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   1334118000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1334118000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.001347                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001347                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.data        14666                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14666                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   1304786000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1304786000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.001347                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001347                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        14666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu2.data      7271820                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7271820                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 58443.140881                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58443.140881                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 56443.140881                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56443.140881                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu2.data      7219911                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7219911                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   3033725000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3033725000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.007138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu2.data        51909                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        51909                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   2929907000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2929907000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.007138                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007138                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        51909                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        51909                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data     18163180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18163180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 65607.855802                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65607.855802                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 63607.855802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63607.855802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu2.data     18096605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        18096605                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   4367843000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4367843000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.003665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu2.data        66575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         66575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   4234693000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4234693000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        66575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        66575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data     18163180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18163180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 65607.855802                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65607.855802                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 63607.855802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63607.855802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu2.data     18096605                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       18096605                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   4367843000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4367843000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.003665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu2.data        66575                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        66575                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   4234693000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4234693000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        66575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181121955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements                 65551                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          772                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs           272.822831                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        36392935                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data  1020.647193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data     0.996726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181121955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            66575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         36392935                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.647193                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           18163180                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           331000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        61953                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            61953                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                   10891360                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                         9186                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181121955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                    7271820                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                          887                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst     67540738                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     67540738                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 26309.973763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26309.973763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 24309.973763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24309.973763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.inst     67315106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       67315106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst   5936372000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5936372000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.inst       225632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       225632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst   5485108000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5485108000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst       225632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       225632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst     67540738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     67540738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 26309.973763                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26309.973763                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 24309.973763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24309.973763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst     67315106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        67315106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst   5936372000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5936372000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst       225632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        225632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst   5485108000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5485108000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst       225632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       225632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst     67540738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     67540738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 26309.973763                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26309.973763                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 24309.973763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24309.973763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst     67315106                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       67315106                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst   5936372000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5936372000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst       225632                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       225632                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst   5485108000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5485108000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst       225632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       225632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181121955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.replacements                225379                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           299.340244                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       135307108                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst   252.707194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst     0.987137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181121955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           225632                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        135307108                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          252.707194                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           67540738                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           162000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181121955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181121955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                   67540738                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                           49                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.numCycles                       181121955                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                 181121955                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads            57978958                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes           29700808                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      9154132                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses               1222028                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                      1222028                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads             1373368                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes             922497                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     950497                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             92638623                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    92638623                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads          179317099                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          74023488                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                   10885685                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     18157502                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   7271817                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               166593      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 74152171     79.41%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                  223303      0.24%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                       21      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                 117253      0.13%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                     374      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                     100      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                  110366      0.12%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                 455663      0.49%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                   186      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                10586649     11.34%     91.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                7082592      7.58%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead             299036      0.32%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite            189225      0.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  93383532                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   181121955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu3.Branches                         11270738                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   49995917                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     93408701                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.data     10894178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10894178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 95954.921938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95954.921938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 93954.921938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93954.921938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.data     10880535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10880535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   1309113000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1309113000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.001252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.data        13643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   1281827000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1281827000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.001252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data        13643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu3.data      7273710                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7273710                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 58031.729489                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58031.729489                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 56031.729489                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56031.729489                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu3.data      7221897                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7221897                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   3006798000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3006798000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.007123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu3.data        51813                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        51813                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   2903172000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2903172000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.007123                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007123                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data        51813                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        51813                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data     18167888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18167888                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 65936.063921                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65936.063921                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 63936.063921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63936.063921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu3.data     18102432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        18102432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   4315911000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4315911000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.003603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu3.data        65456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         65456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   4184999000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4184999000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.003603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data        65456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        65456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data     18167888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18167888                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 65936.063921                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65936.063921                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 63936.063921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63936.063921                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu3.data     18102432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       18102432                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   4315911000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4315911000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.003603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu3.data        65456                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        65456                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   4184999000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4184999000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.003603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data        65456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        65456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181121955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements                 64432                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          772                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs           277.558788                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        36401232                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data  1021.077253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data     0.997146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181121955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            65456                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         36401232                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1021.077253                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs           18167888                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           337000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        61384                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total            61384                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                   10894178                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                         9191                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181121955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                    7273710                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                          888                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst     67558703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     67558703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 26323.427240                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26323.427240                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 24323.427240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24323.427240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.inst     67333017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       67333017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst   5940829000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5940829000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.inst       225686                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       225686                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst   5489457000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5489457000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst       225686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       225686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst     67558703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     67558703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 26323.427240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26323.427240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 24323.427240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24323.427240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst     67333017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        67333017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst   5940829000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5940829000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst       225686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total        225686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst   5489457000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5489457000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst       225686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       225686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst     67558703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     67558703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 26323.427240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26323.427240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 24323.427240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24323.427240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst     67333017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       67333017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst   5940829000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5940829000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst       225686                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total       225686                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst   5489457000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5489457000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst       225686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       225686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181121955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.replacements                225433                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs           299.348223                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses       135343092                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst   252.707213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst     0.987138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181121955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs           225686                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses        135343092                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          252.707213                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           67558703                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           210000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181121955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181121955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                   67558703                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                           49                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.numCycles                       181121954                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                 181121954                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            57994867                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           29708756                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      9156674                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses               1222339                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                      1222339                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads             1373710                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes             922730                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     950744                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             92663604                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    92663604                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads          179365015                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          74043451                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                   10888501                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                     18162208                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   7273707                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               166636      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 74172356     79.41%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                  223367      0.24%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                       21      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                 117284      0.13%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                     374      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                     100      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                  110394      0.12%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                 455775      0.49%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                   186      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                10589387     11.34%     91.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                7084432      7.58%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead             299114      0.32%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite            189275      0.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  93408701                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   181121955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       676778                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       195695                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       676859                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       195701                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       676643                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       198701                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       676805                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       195344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                 3492526                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     14443328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8128832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     14445056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8126976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     14440448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8225792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     14443904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8117760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total                 90372096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181121955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           2819020000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           677032998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           196837881                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer2.occupancy           677112999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer3.occupancy           196858866                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer3.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer4.occupancy           676896999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer4.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer5.occupancy           199857867                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer5.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer6.occupancy           677061996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer6.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer7.occupancy           196496871                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer7.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                    15107328                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            1760962                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.057891                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.233536                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  1659019     94.21%     94.21% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   101943      5.79%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::3                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::4                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::5                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::6                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::7                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::8                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total              1760962                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            4                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1160770                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       101939                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        2326648                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           101939                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoops                            595084                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              958541                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        482238                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           1020379                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq             253237                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             207337                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            207337                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         958541                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks         5682                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         5682                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.l2cache.prefetcher 82653.337943                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82653.337943                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.l2cache.prefetcher  11564111165                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11564111165                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::.l2cache.prefetcher       139911                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total       139911                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data        51804                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data        51811                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu2.data        51909                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu3.data        51813                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       207337                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 114233.189389                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 112871.930021                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 115375.210225                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 114032.632464                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114128.304690                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 94233.189389                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 92871.930021                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 95375.210225                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 94032.632464                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94128.304690                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu0.data        33973                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data        33977                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu2.data        34071                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu3.data        33978                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total           135999                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   2036892000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   2012958000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   2058063000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   2033772000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   8141685000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.344201                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.344213                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.343640                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.344219                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.344068                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data        17831                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data        17834                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu2.data        17838                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu3.data        17835                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total          71338                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1680272000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1656278000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   1701303000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   1677072000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6714925000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.344201                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.344213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.343640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.344219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        17831                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        17834                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        17838                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data        17835                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        71338                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst       225677                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data        13769                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst       225704                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data        13764                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst       225632                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.data        14666                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst       225686                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.data        13643                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       958541                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 111477.611940                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 114693.887483                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 113249.326146                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 114403.401361                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 115137.978142                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 113325.966851                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 116997.319035                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 113761.640906                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114057.269122                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 91477.611940                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 94693.887483                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 93249.326146                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 94403.401361                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 95137.978142                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 93325.966851                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 96997.319035                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 93761.640906                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94057.269122                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.inst       224940                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data         3495                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.inst       224962                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data         3474                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu2.inst       224900                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu2.data         4349                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu3.inst       224940                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu3.data         3356                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       914416                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     82159000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1178365000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     84031000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1177211000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst     84281000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   1169184000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst     87280000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   1170266000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5032777000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003266                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.746169                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003287                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.747602                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003244                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.703464                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.003305                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.754013                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.046034                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          737                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data        10274                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.inst          742                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data        10290                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.inst          732                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.data        10317                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.inst          746                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.data        10287                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        44125                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     67419000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data    972885000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     69191000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    971411000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst     69641000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data    962844000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst     72360000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    964526000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4150277000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003266                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.746169                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.747602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.703464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.003305                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.754013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          737                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        10274                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          742                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        10290                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst          732                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        10317                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst          746                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data        10287                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        44125                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       246186                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       246186                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       246186                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       246186                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst       225677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data        65573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data        65575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst       225632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data        66575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst       225686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data        65456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         1165878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 111477.611940                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 114401.601139                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 113249.326146                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 113432.264258                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 115137.978142                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 114624.294086                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 116997.319035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 113933.504018                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114101.157947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 91477.611940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 94401.601139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 93249.326146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 93432.264258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 95137.978142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 94624.294086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 96997.319035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 93933.504018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94101.157947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst         224940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data          37468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst         224962                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data          37451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst         224900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu2.data          38420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst         224940                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu3.data          37334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total             1050415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     82159000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   3215257000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     84031000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   3190169000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst     84281000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   3227247000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst     87280000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   3204038000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  13174462000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.428606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.428883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.422906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.003305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.429632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.099035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst          737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data        28105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst          742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data        28124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst          732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu2.data        28155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst          746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu3.data        28122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            115463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     67419000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   2653157000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     69191000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   2627689000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst     69641000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   2664147000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst     72360000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   2641598000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10865202000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003266                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.428606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003287                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.428883                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003244                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.422906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.003305                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.429632                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        28105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        28124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst          732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        28155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst          746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data        28122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       115463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst       225677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data        65573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst       225704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data        65575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst       225632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data        66575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst       225686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data        65456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total        1165878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 111477.611940                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 114401.601139                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 113249.326146                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 113432.264258                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 115137.978142                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 114624.294086                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 116997.319035                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 113933.504018                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114101.157947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 91477.611940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 94401.601139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 93249.326146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 93432.264258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 95137.978142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 94624.294086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 96997.319035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 93933.504018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.l2cache.prefetcher 82653.337943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87829.274574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst        224940                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data         37468                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst        224962                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data         37451                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst        224900                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu2.data         38420                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst        224940                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu3.data         37334                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total            1050415                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     82159000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   3215257000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     84031000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   3190169000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst     84281000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   3227247000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst     87280000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   3204038000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  13174462000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.428606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.428883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.422906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.003305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.429632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.099035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst          737                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data        28105                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst          742                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data        28124                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst          732                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu2.data        28155                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst          746                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu3.data        28122                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           115463                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     67419000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   2653157000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     69191000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   2627689000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst     69641000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   2664147000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst     72360000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   2641598000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.l2cache.prefetcher  11564111165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  22429313165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003266                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.428606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003287                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.428883                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003244                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.422906                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.003305                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.429632                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          737                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        28105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          742                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        28124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst          732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        28155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst          746                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data        28122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.l2cache.prefetcher       139911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       255374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued       161208                       # number of hwpf issued
system.l2cache.prefetcher.pfBufferHit               0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.l2cache.prefetcher.pfIdentified         161208                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.l2cache.prefetcher.pfInCache                 0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.l2cache.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull             0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.l2cache.prefetcher.pfSpanPage            65232                       # number of prefetches that crossed the page
system.l2cache.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181121955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181121955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.replacements                    341847                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::2          380                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3         2653                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::4          369                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3670                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          604                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 7.030214                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses            37576343                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks  1639.279356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst    28.169978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data   729.498502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst    28.028777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data   699.969927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst    28.612406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data   761.337883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst    28.833418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data   716.201556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.l2cache.prefetcher  3508.187660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.200107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.003439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.089050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.003421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.085446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst     0.003493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data     0.092937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst     0.003520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data     0.087427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.l2cache.prefetcher     0.428246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022         3434                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4758                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.419189                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.580811                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181121955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               350039                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses             37576343                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             8168.119463                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                2460849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                86000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.unused_prefetches                  320                       # number of HardPF blocks evicted w/o reference
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         236052                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               236052                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      368573.12                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 47374.90                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    236052.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples       737.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples     28105.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples       742.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples     28124.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu2.inst::samples       732.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu2.data::samples     28150.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu3.inst::samples       746.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu3.data::samples     28121.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.l2cache.prefetcher::samples    139886.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      28624.90                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         90.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      90.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        2.22                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         83.40                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      83.41                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst       260421                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst       262188                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu2.inst       258654                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu3.inst       263601                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1044865                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu0.inst            260421                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu0.data           9930988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu1.inst            262188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu1.data           9937702                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu2.inst            258654                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu2.data           9948656                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu3.inst            263601                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu3.data           9936995                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.l2cache.prefetcher     49429502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               90228708                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        83409700                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu0.inst           260421                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu0.data          9930988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu1.inst           262188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu1.data          9937702                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu2.inst           258654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu2.data          9948656                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu3.inst           263601                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu3.data          9936995                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.l2cache.prefetcher     49429502                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             173638408                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        83409700                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              83409700                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       196913                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     159.705697                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    112.328648                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    167.780289                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127        114471     58.13%     58.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        42123     21.39%     79.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        17061      8.66%     88.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10024      5.09%     93.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         8804      4.47%     97.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1513      0.77%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          962      0.49%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          521      0.26%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1434      0.73%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        196913                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                16341952                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 16342400                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 15106368                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              15107328                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        47168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst        47488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu2.inst        46848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu3.inst        47744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         189248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst          47168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu0.data        1798720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst          47488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu1.data        1799936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu2.inst          46848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu2.data        1801920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu3.inst          47744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu3.data        1799808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.l2cache.prefetcher      8952768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            16342400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     15107328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         15107328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst          737                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data        28105                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst          742                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data        28124                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.inst          732                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.data        28155                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.inst          746                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.data        28122                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.l2cache.prefetcher       139887                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     40030.87                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     42886.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst     41794.47                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data     41932.34                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.inst     43622.27                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.data     43103.93                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.inst     45551.61                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.data     42423.07                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.l2cache.prefetcher     51321.31                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst        47168                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data      1798720                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst        47488                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data      1799936                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.inst        46848                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.data      1801600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.inst        47744                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.data      1799744                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.l2cache.prefetcher      8952704                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 260421.217295274895                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 9930988.211782498285                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 262187.982677196676                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 9937701.920233801007                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu2.inst 258654.451913353085                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu2.data 9946889.100219793618                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu3.inst 263601.394982734171                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu3.data 9936641.861004646868                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.l2cache.prefetcher 49429148.443102881312                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst     29502750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data   1205319232                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst     31011500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data   1179305257                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.inst     31931500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.data   1213591168                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.inst     33981501                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.data   1193021705                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.l2cache.prefetcher   7179184311                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       236052                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  17593390.51                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     15106368                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 83404400.090535685420                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 4152955015945                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         12514                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               713478                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              223969                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         12514                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu0.inst             737                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu0.data           28105                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu1.inst             742                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu1.data           28124                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu2.inst             732                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu2.data           28155                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu3.inst             746                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu3.data           28122                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.l2cache.prefetcher       139887                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               255350                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        236052                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              236052                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     59.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              15919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              15752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              15326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              15346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              15410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              15302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              15168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              15221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              15584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              18519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             19305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             16330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             15642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             15609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             15522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             15388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              14854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              14820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              14704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              14730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              14839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              14778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              14763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              14710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              14743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              14656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             14775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             14687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             14808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             14793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             14726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             14651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000829620500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181121955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12514                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       20.404587                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      18.639109                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      83.434960                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          12513     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          12514                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   109828                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                    29792                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                    25077                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                    22564                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                    21811                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                    16542                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                    12109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                    10604                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                     5459                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                      531                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                     295                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                     228                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                     168                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                     107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                      73                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                      70                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                      45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                      30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     255350                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 255350                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       255350                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  62.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    160249                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1276715000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   181117570001                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              12096848924                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    7309167674                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12514                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       18.861835                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      18.754730                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       2.090690                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1490     11.91%     11.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               202      1.61%     13.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              5762     46.04%     59.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19              1789     14.30%     73.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20              1041      8.32%     82.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::21               764      6.11%     88.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::22               547      4.37%     92.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::23               395      3.16%     95.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::24               258      2.06%     97.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::25               145      1.16%     99.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::26                75      0.60%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::27                20      0.16%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::28                16      0.13%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::29                 2      0.02%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::30                 2      0.02%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::31                 1      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::32                 1      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::33                 2      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::35                 1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::36                 1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          12514                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   10507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   10740                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   11710                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   12131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   12409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   12603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   12720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   12783                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   12766                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   12786                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   12988                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   14003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   13914                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   15432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   20079                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   13010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   12565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   12554                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                     142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                      75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                      38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    236052                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                236052                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      236052                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 56.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   134215                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy           46514527380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy                 683840640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             517.541130                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   78510180376                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF     6047860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    96563914624                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy           30380702400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                 363466125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy                881390160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          14297141040.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy                 0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy             93738061305                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime                     0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy               616993560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy           48987337860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy                 722139600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             520.343607                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   73073362533                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF     6047860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   102000732467                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy           28298335680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                 383818710                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy                941758860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          14297141040.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy                 0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy             94245651330                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime                     0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy               615119580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       756314                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::total       756314                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 756314                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     31449728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::total     31449728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                31449728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181121955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy          1504002087                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         1333636711                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            255350                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  255350    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              255350                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       245614                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        500964                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             184012                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       236052                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             9562                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             71338                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            71338                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        184012                       # Transaction distribution

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
