
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               181776619000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 364777                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 810888                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   623853                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   425.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              427117139                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   155245302                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     265505446                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.181777                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                181776619000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu0.Branches                         11271693                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   50000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     93416416                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data     10895037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10895037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 106914.304680                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106914.304680                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 104914.304680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104914.304680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data     10879972                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10879972                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1610664000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1610664000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.001383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data        15065                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        15065                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1580534000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1580534000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.001383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        15065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data      7274294                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7274294                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 61963.684796                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61963.684796                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 59963.684796                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59963.684796                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data      7222112                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7222112                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   3233389000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3233389000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.007173                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007173                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data        52182                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        52182                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   3129025000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3129025000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.007173                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007173                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        52182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        52182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data     18169331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18169331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 72033.741282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72033.741282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 70033.741282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70033.741282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data     18102084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        18102084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   4844053000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4844053000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data        67247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         67247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   4709559000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4709559000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        67247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        67247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data     18169331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18169331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 72033.741282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72033.741282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 70033.741282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70033.741282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data     18102084                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       18102084                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   4844053000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4844053000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data        67247                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        67247                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   4709559000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4709559000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        67247                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        67247                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181776619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                 66223                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          760                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           270.187979                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        36405909                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data  1020.022262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.996115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181776619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            67247                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         36405909                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.022262                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           18169331                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           220000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        62734                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            62734                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10895037                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         9265                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181776619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7274294                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          898                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst     67564204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     67564204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 26836.396342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26836.396342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 24836.396342                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24836.396342                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst     67338500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       67338500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   6057082000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6057082000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       225704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5605674000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5605674000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       225704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst     67564204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     67564204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 26836.396342                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26836.396342                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 24836.396342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24836.396342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst     67338500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        67338500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   6057082000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6057082000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        225704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5605674000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5605674000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst     67564204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     67564204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 26836.396342                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26836.396342                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 24836.396342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24836.396342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst     67338500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       67338500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   6057082000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6057082000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       225704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5605674000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5605674000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       225704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181776619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                225451                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           299.348722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       135354112                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   252.709082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.987145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181776619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           225704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        135354112                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          252.709082                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           67564204                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           107000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181776619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181776619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                   67564204                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          139                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.numCycles                       181776619                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                 181776619                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            57999789                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           29711192                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      9157455                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses               1222432                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                      1222432                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads             1373816                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes             922801                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     950822                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             92671260                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    92671260                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          179379720                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          74049566                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   10889359                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     18163650                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   7274291                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               166650      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 74178542     79.41%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  223387      0.24%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                       21      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                 117293      0.13%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                     374      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                     100      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                  110402      0.12%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                 455811      0.49%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                   186      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                10590223     11.34%     91.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                7085002      7.58%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead             299136      0.32%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite            189289      0.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  93416416                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   181776619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.Branches                         11269943                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   49992616                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     93402475                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     10893500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10893500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 108362.556219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108362.556219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 106362.556219                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106362.556219                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data     10878603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10878603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1614277000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1614277000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.001368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data        14897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1584483000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1584483000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.001368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        14897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data      7273281                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7273281                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 62383.016195                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62383.016195                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 60383.016195                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60383.016195                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data      7221043                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7221043                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   3258764000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3258764000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.007182                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007182                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data        52238                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        52238                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   3154288000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3154288000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.007182                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007182                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        52238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        52238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data     18166781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18166781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 72585.700454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72585.700454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 70585.700454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70585.700454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data     18099646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        18099646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   4873041000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4873041000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.003695                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003695                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data        67135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         67135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   4738771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4738771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.003695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        67135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        67135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data     18166781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18166781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 72585.700454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72585.700454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 70585.700454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70585.700454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data     18099646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       18099646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   4873041000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4873041000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.003695                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003695                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data        67135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        67135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   4738771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4738771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.003695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        67135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        67135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181776619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                 66111                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          759                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           270.600745                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        36400697                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data  1020.043452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.996136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181776619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            67135                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         36400697                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.043452                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           18166781                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           283000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        62884                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            62884                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                   10893500                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                         9263                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181776619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                    7273281                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                          899                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst     67554261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     67554261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 26821.077400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26821.077400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 24821.077400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24821.077400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst     67328588                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       67328588                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   6052793000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6052793000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst       225673                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       225673                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   5601447000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5601447000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst       225673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       225673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst     67554261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     67554261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 26821.077400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26821.077400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 24821.077400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24821.077400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst     67328588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        67328588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   6052793000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6052793000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst       225673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        225673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   5601447000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5601447000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst       225673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       225673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst     67554261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     67554261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 26821.077400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26821.077400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 24821.077400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24821.077400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst     67328588                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       67328588                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   6052793000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6052793000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst       225673                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       225673                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   5601447000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5601447000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst       225673                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       225673                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181776619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                225420                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           299.345784                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       135334195                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   252.708843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.987144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181776619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           225673                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        135334195                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          252.708843                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           67554261                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           156000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181776619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181776619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                   67554261                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                          139                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.numCycles                       181776619                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                 181776619                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            57990829                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           29706749                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      9156014                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses               1222274                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                      1222274                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads             1373644                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes             922683                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     950692                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             92657415                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    92657415                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          179353268                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          74038486                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   10887824                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     18161102                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   7273278                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               166627      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 74167296     79.41%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                  223349      0.24%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                       21      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                 117277      0.13%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                     374      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                     100      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                  110388      0.12%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                 455755      0.49%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                   186      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                10588728     11.34%     91.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                7084015      7.58%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead             299096      0.32%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite            189263      0.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  93402475                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   181776619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu2.Branches                          2110997                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   27618329                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     39332060                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.data      5914454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5914454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 128258.639563                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128258.639563                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 126258.639563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126258.639563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.data      5170840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        5170840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  95374920000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  95374920000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.125728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.125728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.data       743614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       743614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  93887692000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  93887692000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.125728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data       743614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       743614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu2.data      1837598                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1837598                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 83817.303045                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83817.303045                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 81817.303045                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81817.303045                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu2.data      1835529                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1835529                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data    173418000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    173418000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.001126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu2.data         2069                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2069                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data    169280000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    169280000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.001126                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001126                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data         2069                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2069                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data      7752052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      7752052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 128135.330965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128135.330965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 126135.330965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126135.330965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu2.data      7006369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         7006369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  95548338000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  95548338000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.096192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu2.data       745683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        745683                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  94056972000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  94056972000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.096192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data       745683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       745683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data      7752052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      7752052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 128135.330965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128135.330965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 126135.330965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126135.330965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu2.data      7006369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        7006369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  95548338000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  95548338000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.096192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu2.data       745683                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       745683                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  94056972000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  94056972000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.096192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data       745683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       745683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181776619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements                744659                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          901                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.395908                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        16249787                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data  1022.743029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data     0.998772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181776619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           745683                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         16249787                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.743029                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            7752052                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           298000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks       733661                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           733661                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                    5914454                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                        12252                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181776619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                    1837598                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                           58                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst     36024229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     36024229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 82194.337812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82194.337812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 80194.337812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80194.337812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.inst     36022145                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       36022145                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    171293000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    171293000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.inst         2084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    167125000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    167125000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         2084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst     36024229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     36024229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 82194.337812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82194.337812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 80194.337812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80194.337812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst     36022145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        36022145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    171293000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    171293000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst         2084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          2084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    167125000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    167125000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         2084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst     36024229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     36024229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 82194.337812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82194.337812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 80194.337812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80194.337812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst     36022145                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       36022145                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    171293000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    171293000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst         2084                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         2084                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    167125000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    167125000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         2084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181776619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.replacements                  1828                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         17286.098369                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        72050542                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst   255.845656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst     0.999397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181776619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2084                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         72050542                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.845656                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           36024229                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           171000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181776619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181776619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                   36024229                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                          235                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.numCycles                       181776619                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                 181776619                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads            11246301                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes           21385890                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      1238842                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 69763                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        69763                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               96543                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              51076                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      17684                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             39280763                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    39280763                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           80765348                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          35392336                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    5914432                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      7752024                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   1837592                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                18860      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 31487543     80.06%     80.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                      27      0.00%     80.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    34400      0.09%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                   2710      0.01%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                   1088      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                    5968      0.02%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                   10785      0.03%     80.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                   11614      0.03%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                   6254      0.02%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                   787      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 5896218     14.99%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                1825913      4.64%     99.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead              18214      0.05%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite             11679      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  39332060                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   181776619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu3.Branches                          2112108                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   27634357                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     39354495                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.data      5917856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5917856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 128121.228820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128121.228820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 126121.231508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126121.231508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.data      5173825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        5173825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  95326166000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  95326166000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.125726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.125726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.data       744031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       744031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  93838106000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  93838106000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.125726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       744031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       744031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu3.data      1838644                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1838644                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 83643.403442                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83643.403442                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 81643.403442                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81643.403442                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu3.data      1836552                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1836552                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    174982000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    174982000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.001138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu3.data         2092                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2092                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    170798000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    170798000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.001138                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001138                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data         2092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data      7756500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total      7756500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 127996.520681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 127996.520681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 125996.523361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125996.523361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu3.data      7010377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total         7010377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  95501148000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  95501148000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.096193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu3.data       746123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total        746123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  94008904000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  94008904000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.096193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       746123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       746123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data      7756500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total      7756500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 127996.520681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 127996.520681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 125996.523361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125996.523361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu3.data      7010377                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total        7010377                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  95501148000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  95501148000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.096193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu3.data       746123                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total       746123                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  94008904000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  94008904000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.096193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       746123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       746123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181776619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements                745098                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          902                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.395752                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        16259122                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data  1022.769354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data     0.998798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181776619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           746122                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         16259122                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.769354                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            7756499                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           290000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks       734140                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           734140                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                    5917856                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                        12254                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181776619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                    1838644                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                           59                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst     36045098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     36045098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 81224.843524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81224.843524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 79224.843524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79224.843524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.inst     36043021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       36043021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    168704000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    168704000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.inst         2077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    164550000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    164550000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         2077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst     36045098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     36045098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 81224.843524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81224.843524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 79224.843524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79224.843524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst     36043021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        36043021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    168704000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    168704000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst         2077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          2077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    164550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    164550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         2077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst     36045098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     36045098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 81224.843524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81224.843524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 79224.843524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79224.843524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst     36043021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       36043021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    168704000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    168704000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst         2077                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         2077                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    164550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    164550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         2077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181776619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.replacements                  1821                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         17354.404429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        72092273                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst   255.845759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst     0.999397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181776619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2077                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         72092273                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.845759                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           36045098                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           163000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181776619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181776619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                   36045098                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                          233                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.numCycles                       181776610                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                 181776610                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            11251989                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           21398188                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      1239430                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                 69763                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                        69763                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               96543                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes              51076                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      17684                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             39303198                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    39303198                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           80811598                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          35412614                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    5917833                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      7756471                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1838638                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                18860      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 31505531     80.06%     80.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                      27      0.00%     80.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    34400      0.09%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   2710      0.01%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                   1088      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                    5968      0.02%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                   10785      0.03%     80.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                   11614      0.03%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                   6254      0.02%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                   787      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 5899619     14.99%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1826959      4.64%     99.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead              18214      0.05%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite             11679      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  39354495                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   181776619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       676859                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       200717                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       676766                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       200381                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         5996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2236025                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         5975                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2237343                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                 6240062                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     14445056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8318784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     14443072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8321216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       133376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     94678016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       132928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     94736768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total                235209216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181776619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           7345175000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           677113998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           201770970                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer2.occupancy           677025993                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer3.occupancy           201450954                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer3.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer4.occupancy             6260991                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer5.occupancy          2239036011                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer5.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer6.occupancy             6236994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer7.occupancy          2240456907                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer7.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                   101248640                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            4070461                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.061326                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.239927                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  3820837     93.87%     93.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   249624      6.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::3                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::4                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::5                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::6                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::7                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::8                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total              4070461                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            2                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2076611                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       249622                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        4158337                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           249622                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoops                           1988735                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             1973144                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       3175429                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            753712                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq             136205                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             108581                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            108581                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        1973145                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks        12240                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        12240                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.l2cache.prefetcher 91517.979295                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91517.979295                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.l2cache.prefetcher   6828888579                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6828888579                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::.l2cache.prefetcher        74618                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total        74618                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data        52182                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data        52238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu2.data         2069                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu3.data         2092                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       108581                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 122027.858605                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 123579.817406                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 105875.088715                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 106014.809591                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121608.331662                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 102027.858605                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 103579.817406                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 85875.088715                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 86014.809591                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101608.331662                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu0.data        33624                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data        33727                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu2.data          660                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu3.data          674                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total            68685                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   2264593000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   2287586000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data    149178000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    150329000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   4851686000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.355640                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.354359                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.681005                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.677820                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.367431                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data        18558                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data        18511                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu2.data         1409                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu3.data         1418                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total          39896                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1893433000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1917366000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data    120998000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    121969000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4053766000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.355640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.354359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.681005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.677820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.367431                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        18558                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        18511                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data         1409                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data         1418                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        39896                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data        15065                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst       225673                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data        14897                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst         2084                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.data       743614                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst         2077                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.data       744031                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1973145                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 119349.756362                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 122578.921037                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 117883.632409                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 124049.571501                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 106026.143791                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 123639.577655                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 104456.331878                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 123507.372594                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123523.896082                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 99349.756362                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 102578.921037                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 97883.632409                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 104049.571501                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 86026.143791                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 103639.577655                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 84456.331878                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 103507.399577                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103523.909306                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.inst       223857                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data         3072                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.inst       223834                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data         2995                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu2.inst          707                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu2.data         2797                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu3.inst          703                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu3.data         2840                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       460805                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    220439000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1470089000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    216788000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1476438000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    145998000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  91594301000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    143523000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  91542553000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 186810129000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.008183                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.796084                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.008149                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.798953                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.660749                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.996239                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.661531                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.996183                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.766462                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.inst         1847                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data        11993                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.inst         1839                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data        11902                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.inst         1377                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.data       740817                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.inst         1374                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.data       741191                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      1512340                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    183499000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1230229000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    180008000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1238398000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    118458000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  76777961000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    116043000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  76718753000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 156563349000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.008183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.796084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.008149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.798953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.660749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.996239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.661531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.996183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.766462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         1847                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        11993                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1839                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        11902                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         1377                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data       740817                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         1374                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       741191                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      1512340                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1593419                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1593419                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1593419                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1593419                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data        67247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst       225673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data        67135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst         2084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data       745683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst         2077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data       746123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         2081726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 119349.756362                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 122244.181860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 117883.632409                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 123763.653701                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 106026.143791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 123605.854551                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 104456.331878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 123473.970824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123474.661714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 99349.756362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 102244.181860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 97883.632409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 103763.653701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 86026.143791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 103605.854551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 84456.331878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 103473.997757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103474.674598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst         223857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data          36696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst         223834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data          36722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst            707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu2.data           3457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst            703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu3.data           3514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              529490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    220439000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   3734682000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    216788000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   3764024000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    145998000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  91743479000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    143523000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  91692882000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total 191661815000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.008183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.454310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.008149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.453013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.660749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.995364                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.661531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.995290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.745649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst         1847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data        30551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst         1839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data        30413                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst         1377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu2.data       742226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst         1374                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu3.data       742609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total           1552236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    183499000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   3123662000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    180008000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   3155764000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    118458000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  76898959000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    116043000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  76840722000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 160617115000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.008183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.454310                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.008149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.453013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.660749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.995364                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.661531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.995290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.745649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         1847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        30551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        30413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         1377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data       742226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         1374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       742609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1552236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data        67247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst       225673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data        67135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst         2084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data       745683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst         2077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data       746123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total        2081726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 119349.756362                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 122244.181860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 117883.632409                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 123763.653701                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 106026.143791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 123605.854551                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 104456.331878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 123473.970824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123474.661714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 99349.756362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 102244.181860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 97883.632409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 103763.653701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 86026.143791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 103605.854551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 84456.331878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 103473.997757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.l2cache.prefetcher 91517.979295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102926.263561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst        223857                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data         36696                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst        223834                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data         36722                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst           707                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu2.data          3457                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst           703                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu3.data          3514                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             529490                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    220439000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   3734682000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    216788000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   3764024000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    145998000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  91743479000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    143523000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  91692882000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total 191661815000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.008183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.454310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.008149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.453013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.660749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.995364                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.661531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.995290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.745649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst         1847                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data        30551                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst         1839                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data        30413                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst         1377                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu2.data       742226                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst         1374                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu3.data       742609                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total          1552236                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    183499000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   3123662000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    180008000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   3155764000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    118458000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  76898959000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    116043000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  76840722000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.l2cache.prefetcher   6828888579                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 167446003579                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.008183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.454310                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.008149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.453013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.660749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.995364                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.661531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.995290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.781493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         1847                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        30551                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        30413                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         1377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data       742226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         1374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       742609                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.l2cache.prefetcher        74618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1626854                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued        84031                       # number of hwpf issued
system.l2cache.prefetcher.pfBufferHit               0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.l2cache.prefetcher.pfIdentified          84031                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.l2cache.prefetcher.pfInCache                 0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.l2cache.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull             0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.l2cache.prefetcher.pfSpanPage         11745713                       # number of prefetches that crossed the page
system.l2cache.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181776619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181776619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.replacements                   1852530                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::2           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          870                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.268172                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses            68394082                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   634.055801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst    13.185438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data    98.998499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst    13.228687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data    98.059086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst     6.547515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data  3254.899019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst     6.682375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data  3790.672576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.l2cache.prefetcher   262.810068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.077399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.001610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.012085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.001615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.011970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst     0.000799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data     0.397327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst     0.000816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data     0.462729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.l2cache.prefetcher     0.032081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.005005                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994995                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181776619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              1860722                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses             68394082                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             8179.139061                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                4220437                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                86000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.unused_prefetches                 3004                       # number of HardPF blocks evicted w/o reference
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks        1582010                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total              1582010                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       56653.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 52209.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   1582010.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples      1847.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples     30548.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples      1839.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples     30409.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu2.inst::samples      1377.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu2.data::samples    742220.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu3.inst::samples      1374.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu3.data::samples    742607.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.l2cache.prefetcher::samples     74343.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      33459.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        572.68                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     572.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.91                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        556.99                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     556.99                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst       650293                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst       647476                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu2.inst       484815                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu3.inst       483759                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2266342                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu0.inst            650293                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu0.data          10756411                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu1.inst            647476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu1.data          10707824                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu2.inst            484815                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu2.data         261323289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu3.inst            483759                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu3.data         261457784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.l2cache.prefetcher     26174719                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              572686370                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       556994847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu0.inst           650293                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu0.data         10756411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu1.inst           647476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu1.data         10707824                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu2.inst           484815                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu2.data        261323289                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu3.inst           483759                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu3.data        261457784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.l2cache.prefetcher     26174719                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1129681216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       556994847                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             556994847                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples      2128410                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean      96.479216                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     81.550271                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     76.540089                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127       1684434     79.14%     79.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255       250871     11.79%     90.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383       173555      8.15%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9808      0.46%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6948      0.33%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1145      0.05%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          521      0.02%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          252      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          876      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total       2128410                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM               104100096                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                104100992                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      896                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                101247424                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys             101248640                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst       118208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst       117696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu2.inst        88128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu3.inst        87936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         411968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst         118208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu0.data        1955264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst         117696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu1.data        1946432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu2.inst          88128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu2.data       47502464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu3.inst          87936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu3.data       47526912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.l2cache.prefetcher      4757952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total           104100992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks    101248640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total        101248640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst         1847                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data        30551                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst         1839                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data        30413                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.inst         1377                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.data       742226                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.inst         1374                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.data       742608                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.l2cache.prefetcher        74343                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     47821.87                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     50653.65                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst     46327.76                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data     52174.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.inst     34609.30                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.data     51952.15                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.inst     33020.38                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.data     51800.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.l2cache.prefetcher     60445.47                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst       118208                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data      1955072                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst       117696                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data      1946176                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.inst        88128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.data     47502080                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.inst        87936                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.data     47526848                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.l2cache.prefetcher      4757952                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 650292.653974381625                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 10755354.625668331981                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 647476.010102267377                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 10706415.438390346244                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu2.inst 484814.826487668382                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu2.data 261321176.845081478357                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu3.inst 483758.585035625496                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu3.data 261457431.992395013571                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.l2cache.prefetcher 26174719.423073876649                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst     88327003                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data   1547519660                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst     85196751                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data   1586793233                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.inst     47657000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.data  38560238027                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.inst     45370000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.data  38467164117                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.l2cache.prefetcher   4493697828                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      1582010                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2755359.90                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks    101247424                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 556988156.986240386963                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 4359006920142                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         86818                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              4663835                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState             1497234                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         86818                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu0.inst            1847                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu0.data           30551                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu1.inst            1839                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu1.data           30413                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu2.inst            1377                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu2.data          742226                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu3.inst            1374                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu3.data          742608                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.l2cache.prefetcher        74343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total              1626578                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks       1582010                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total             1582010                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     33.66                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0             101613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1             100906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2             101856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3             101056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4             105707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5             102298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6             100933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7             101295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8             100889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9             102250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10            101927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11            101452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12            100879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13            101255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14            101263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15            100985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              98442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              98309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              99315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              99284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              99305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              99203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              99262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              98523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              98396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              98720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             99111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             98905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             99162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             98819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             98888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             98347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000434165250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181776619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        86818                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       18.735285                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      18.371799                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      30.382889                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          86817    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          86818                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   834652                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                   702031                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                    28985                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                    13136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                    12157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                    10519                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                     8512                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                     7271                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                     5159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                     2359                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                    1133                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                     182                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                     123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                     103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                      71                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                      66                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                      43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                      34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                      16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                      12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                    1626578                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                1626578                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                      1626578                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                   5.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     92738                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      14                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  8132820000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   181776495000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              84921963619                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                   54423888619                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        86818                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       18.221924                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      18.169983                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.410418                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             12880     14.84%     14.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              4353      5.01%     19.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             35752     41.18%     61.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19             26151     30.12%     91.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20              4533      5.22%     96.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::21              1536      1.77%     98.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::22               528      0.61%     98.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::23               306      0.35%     99.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::24               256      0.29%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::25               167      0.19%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::26               153      0.18%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::27               107      0.12%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::28                59      0.07%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::29                25      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::30                 9      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::31                 2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::40                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          86818                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   66394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   72165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   81623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   84996                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   86358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   87533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   88660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   90510                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   91024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   91881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   92757                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   96788                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   93517                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   96316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   96595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   88024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   87747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   87612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                    1120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                     177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                      76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                      45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                   1582010                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6               1582010                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                     1582010                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 62.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   987404                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy           80744801790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy                7597895340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             651.858611                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     865202733                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF     6069700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   174841716267                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy            1806599520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                4038369555                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy               5823840960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          14348770800.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy                 0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy            118492654425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime                     0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy              4132376460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy           80612665530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy                7598973480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             651.528627                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     900466760                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF     6069700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   174806452240                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy            1917872160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                4038946395                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy               5789826000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          14348770800.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy                 0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy            118432670925                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime                     0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy              4125616560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4868579                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::total      4868579                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                4868579                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    205349632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::total    205349632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               205349632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181776619000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy          9640888924                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               5.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         9133850163                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1626578                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1626578    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1626578                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1615423                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       3242001                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1586682                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1582010                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            33413                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             39896                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            39896                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       1586682                       # Transaction distribution

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
