
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               181459466000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 386828                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 781268                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   695969                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   459.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              395163549                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   177631917                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     319589588                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.181459                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                181459466000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu0.Branches                         11270133                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   49993359                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     93403858                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data     10893640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10893640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 107942.069167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107942.069167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 105942.069167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105942.069167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data     10879934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10879934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1479454000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1479454000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.001258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data        13706                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13706                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1452042000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1452042000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.001258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        13706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data      7273358                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7273358                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 60743.813936                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60743.813936                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 58743.813936                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58743.813936                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data      7221548                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7221548                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   3147137000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3147137000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.007123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data        51810                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        51810                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   3043517000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3043517000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.007123                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007123                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        51810                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        51810                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data     18166998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18166998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 70617.726967                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70617.726967                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 68617.726967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68617.726967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data     18101482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        18101482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   4626591000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4626591000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data        65516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         65516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   4495559000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4495559000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        65516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        65516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data     18166998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18166998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 70617.726967                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70617.726967                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 68617.726967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68617.726967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data     18101482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       18101482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   4626591000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4626591000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data        65516                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        65516                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   4495559000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4495559000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        65516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        65516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181459466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                 64492                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          761                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           277.291013                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        36399512                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data  1020.395193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.996480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181459466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            65516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         36399512                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.395193                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           18166998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           220000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        61344                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            61344                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10893640                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         9248                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181459466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7273358                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          899                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst     67555256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     67555256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 26482.251182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26482.251182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 24482.251182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24482.251182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst     67329579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       67329579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5976435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5976435000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst       225677                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       225677                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5525081000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5525081000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst       225677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       225677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst     67555256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     67555256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 26482.251182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26482.251182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 24482.251182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24482.251182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst     67329579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        67329579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5976435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5976435000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst       225677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        225677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5525081000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5525081000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst       225677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       225677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst     67555256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     67555256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 26482.251182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26482.251182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 24482.251182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24482.251182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst     67329579                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       67329579                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5976435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5976435000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst       225677                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       225677                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5525081000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5525081000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst       225677                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       225677                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181459466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                225424                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           299.344887                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       135336189                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   252.709174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.987145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181459466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           225677                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        135336189                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          252.709174                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           67555256                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           107000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181459466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181459466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                   67555256                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          129                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.numCycles                       181459465                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                 181459465                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            57991836                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           29707227                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      9156180                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses               1222279                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                      1222279                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads             1373646                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes             922686                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     950698                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             92658795                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    92658795                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          179355824                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          74039601                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   10887964                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     18161319                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   7273355                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               166629      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 74168455     79.41%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  223353      0.24%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                       21      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                 117278      0.13%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                     374      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                     100      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                  110388      0.12%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                 455755      0.49%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                   186      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                10588866     11.34%     91.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                7084090      7.58%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead             299098      0.32%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite            189265      0.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  93403858                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   181459466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.Branches                         11268111                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   49984671                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     93387474                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     10891801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10891801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 104933.425224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104933.425224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 102933.425224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102933.425224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data     10877291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10877291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1522584000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1522584000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.001332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data        14510                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14510                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1493564000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1493564000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.001332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        14510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data      7272116                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7272116                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 60449.313378                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60449.313378                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 58449.313378                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58449.313378                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data      7220268                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7220268                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   3134176000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3134176000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.007130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data        51848                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        51848                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   3030480000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3030480000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.007130                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007130                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        51848                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        51848                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data     18163917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18163917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 70176.316345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70176.316345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 68176.316345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68176.316345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data     18097559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        18097559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   4656760000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4656760000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.003653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data        66358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         66358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   4524044000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4524044000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.003653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        66358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        66358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data     18163917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18163917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 70176.316345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70176.316345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 68176.316345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68176.316345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data     18097559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       18097559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   4656760000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4656760000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.003653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data        66358                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        66358                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   4524044000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4524044000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.003653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        66358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181459466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                 65334                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          767                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           273.726107                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        36394192                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data  1020.617176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.996696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181459466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            66358                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         36394192                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.617176                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           18163917                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           283000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        61457                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            61457                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                   10891801                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                         9244                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181459466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                    7272116                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                          897                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst     67543549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     67543549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 26490.992329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26490.992329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 24490.992329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24490.992329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst     67317908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       67317908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   5977454000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5977454000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst       225641                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       225641                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   5526172000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5526172000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst       225641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       225641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst     67543549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     67543549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 26490.992329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26490.992329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 24490.992329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24490.992329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst     67317908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        67317908                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   5977454000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5977454000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst       225641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        225641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   5526172000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5526172000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst       225641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       225641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst     67543549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     67543549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 26490.992329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26490.992329                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 24490.992329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24490.992329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst     67317908                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       67317908                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   5977454000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5977454000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst       225641                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       225641                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   5526172000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5526172000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst       225641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       225641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181459466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                225388                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           299.340763                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       135312739                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   252.708149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.987141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181459466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           225641                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        135312739                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          252.708149                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           67543549                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           156000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181459466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181459466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                   67543549                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                          127                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.numCycles                       181459465                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                 181459465                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            57981458                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           29702055                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      9154529                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses               1222083                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                      1222083                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads             1373430                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes             922538                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     950536                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             92642532                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    92642532                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          179324593                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          74026610                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   10886124                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     18158237                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   7272113                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               166600      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 74155330     79.41%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                  223313      0.24%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                       21      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                 117258      0.13%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                     374      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                     100      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                  110372      0.12%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                 455683      0.49%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                   186      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                10587074     11.34%     91.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                7082880      7.58%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead             299050      0.32%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite            189233      0.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  93387474                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   181459466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu2.Branches                         11271693                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   50000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     93416416                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.data     10895037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10895037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 108934.812659                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108934.812659                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 106934.812659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106934.812659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.data     10881292                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10881292                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   1497309000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1497309000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.001262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.data        13745                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13745                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   1469819000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1469819000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.001262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        13745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu2.data      7274294                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7274294                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 59916.185696                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59916.185696                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 57916.185696                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57916.185696                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu2.data      7222489                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7222489                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   3103958000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3103958000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.007122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu2.data        51805                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        51805                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   3000348000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3000348000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.007122                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007122                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        51805                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        51805                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data     18169331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18169331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 70194.767353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70194.767353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 68194.767353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68194.767353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu2.data     18103781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        18103781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   4601267000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4601267000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.003608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu2.data        65550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         65550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   4470167000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4470167000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.003608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        65550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        65550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data     18169331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18169331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 70194.767353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70194.767353                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 68194.767353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68194.767353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu2.data     18103781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       18103781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   4601267000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4601267000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.003608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu2.data        65550                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        65550                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   4470167000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4470167000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.003608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        65550                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        65550                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181459466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements                 64526                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          755                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs           277.182777                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        36404212                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data  1020.715733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data     0.996793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181459466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            65550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         36404212                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.715733                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           18169331                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           331000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        61395                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            61395                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                   10895037                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                         9250                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181459466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                    7274294                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                          898                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst     67564204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     67564204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 26491.869883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26491.869883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 24491.869883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24491.869883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.inst     67338500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       67338500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst   5979321000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5979321000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.inst       225704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       225704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst   5527913000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5527913000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst       225704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       225704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst     67564204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     67564204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 26491.869883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26491.869883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 24491.869883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24491.869883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst     67338500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        67338500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst   5979321000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5979321000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        225704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst   5527913000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5527913000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst     67564204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     67564204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 26491.869883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26491.869883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 24491.869883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24491.869883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst     67338500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       67338500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst   5979321000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5979321000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst       225704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       225704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst   5527913000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5527913000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst       225704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       225704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181459466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.replacements                225451                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           299.348722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       135354112                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst   252.709036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst     0.987145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181459466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           225704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        135354112                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          252.709036                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           67564204                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           162000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181459466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181459466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                   67564204                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                          131                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.numCycles                       181459466                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                 181459466                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads            57999789                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes           29711192                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      9157455                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses               1222432                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                      1222432                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads             1373816                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes             922801                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     950822                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             92671260                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    92671260                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads          179379720                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          74049566                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                   10889359                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     18163650                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   7274291                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               166650      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 74178542     79.41%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                  223387      0.24%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                       21      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                 117293      0.13%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                     374      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                     100      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                  110402      0.12%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                 455811      0.49%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                   186      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                10590223     11.34%     91.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                7085002      7.58%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead             299136      0.32%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite            189289      0.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  93416416                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   181459466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu3.Branches                          2113464                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   27653887                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     39381840                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.data      5922001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5922001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 127526.174269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127526.174269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 125526.174269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125526.174269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.data      5177453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        5177453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  94949358000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  94949358000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.125726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.125726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.data       744548                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       744548                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  93460262000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  93460262000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.125726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       744548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       744548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu3.data      1839920                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1839920                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 81181.351981                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81181.351981                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 79181.351981                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79181.351981                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu3.data      1837775                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1837775                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    174134000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    174134000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.001166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001166                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu3.data         2145                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2145                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    169844000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    169844000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.001166                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001166                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data         2145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data      7761921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total      7761921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 127393.041049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 127393.041049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 125393.041049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125393.041049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu3.data      7015228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total         7015228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  95123492000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  95123492000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.096200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu3.data       746693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total        746693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  93630106000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  93630106000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.096200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       746693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       746693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data      7761921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total      7761921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 127393.041049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 127393.041049                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 125393.041049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125393.041049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu3.data      7015228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total        7015228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  95123492000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  95123492000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.096200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu3.data       746693                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total       746693                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  93630106000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  93630106000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.096200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       746693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       746693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181459466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements                745669                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          902                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.395063                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        16270535                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data  1022.874358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data     0.998901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181459466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           746693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         16270535                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.874358                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            7761921                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           339000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks       734710                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           734710                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                    5922001                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                        12261                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181459466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                    1839920                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                           54                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst     36070527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     36070527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 79853.289162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79853.289162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 77853.289162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77853.289162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.inst     36068414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       36068414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    168730000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    168730000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.inst         2113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    164504000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    164504000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         2113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst     36070527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     36070527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 79853.289162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79853.289162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 77853.289162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77853.289162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst     36068414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        36068414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    168730000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    168730000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst         2113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          2113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    164504000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    164504000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         2113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst     36070527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     36070527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 79853.289162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79853.289162                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 77853.289162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77853.289162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst     36068414                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       36068414                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    168730000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    168730000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst         2113                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         2113                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    164504000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    164504000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         2113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181459466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.replacements                  1857                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         17070.765263                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        72143167                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst   255.844720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst     0.999393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181459466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2113                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         72143167                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.844720                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           36070527                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           168000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181459466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181459466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                   36070527                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                          219                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.numCycles                       181459466                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                 181459466                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            11258927                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           21413176                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      1240148                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                 69763                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                        69763                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               96543                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes              51076                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      17684                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             39330543                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    39330543                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           80867956                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          35437327                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    5921979                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      7761893                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1839914                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                18860      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 31527454     80.06%     80.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                      27      0.00%     80.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    34400      0.09%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   2710      0.01%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                   1088      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                    5968      0.02%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                   10785      0.03%     80.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                   11614      0.03%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                   6254      0.02%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                   787      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 5903765     14.99%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1828235      4.64%     99.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead              18214      0.05%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite             11679      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  39381840                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   181459466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       676778                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       195524                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       676670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       198050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       676859                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       195626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         6083                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2239055                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                 4864645                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     14443328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8119040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     14441024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8180160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     14445056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8124480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       135232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     94809792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total                162698112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181459466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           5079205000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           677031000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           196637910                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer2.occupancy           676924998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer3.occupancy           199164909                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer3.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer4.occupancy           677112000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer4.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer5.occupancy           196740909                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer5.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer6.occupancy             6345993                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer7.occupancy          2243185890                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer7.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                    58156544                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            2904816                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.057293                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.232404                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  2738390     94.27%     94.27% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   166425      5.73%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                        1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::3                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::4                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::5                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::6                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::7                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::8                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total              2904816                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            3                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1618141                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       166422                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        3241393                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           166423                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoops                           1281564                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             1465644                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       1827602                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            877592                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::HardPFReq             194511                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             157608                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            157608                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        1465644                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks        10540                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        10540                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.l2cache.prefetcher 87935.288889                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.HardPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87935.288889                       # average HardPFReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.l2cache.prefetcher   9413296805                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9413296805                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for HardPFReq accesses
system.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::.l2cache.prefetcher       107048                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.HardPFReq_mshr_misses::total       107048                       # number of HardPFReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data        51810                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data        51848                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu2.data        51805                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu3.data         2145                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       157608                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 119530.204283                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 118262.136980                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 119266.565928                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 105284.188034                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118671.551786                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 99530.204283                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 98262.136980                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 99266.565928                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 85284.188034                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98671.551786                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu0.data        33551                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data        33495                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu2.data        33937                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu3.data          741                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total           101724                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   2182502000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   2170465000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   2131055000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    147819000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   6631841000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.352422                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.353977                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.344909                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.654545                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.354576                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data        18259                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data        18353                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu2.data        17868                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu3.data         1404                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total          55884                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1817322000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1803405000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   1773695000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    119739000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5514161000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.352422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.353977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.344909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.654545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        18259                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        18353                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        17868                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data         1404                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        55884                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst       225677                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data        13706                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst       225641                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data        14510                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst       225704                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.data        13745                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst         2113                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.data       744548                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1465644                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 110795.883362                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 120555.417627                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 112338.474722                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 121632.272807                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 111986.371380                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 122017.197057                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 104652.941176                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 122909.904286                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122762.206708                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 90795.883362                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 100555.417627                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 92338.474722                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 101632.272807                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 91986.371380                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 102017.197057                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 84652.941176                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 102909.904286                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102762.206708                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.inst       224511                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data         2428                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.inst       224474                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data         3132                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu2.inst       224530                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu2.data         2464                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu3.inst          753                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu3.data         2859                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       685151                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    129188000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1359624000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    131099000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1383932000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    131472000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   1376476000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    142328000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  91160924000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  95815043000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.005167                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.822851                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.005172                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.784149                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.005202                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.820735                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.643635                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.996160                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.532526                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.inst         1166                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data        11278                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.inst         1167                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data        11378                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.inst         1174                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.data        11281                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.inst         1360                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.data       741689                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       780493                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    105868000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1134064000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    107759000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1156372000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    107992000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   1150856000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    115128000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  76327144000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  80205183000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.005167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.822851                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.005172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.784149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.005202                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.820735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.643635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.996160                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.532526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         1166                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        11278                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1167                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        11378                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         1174                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        11281                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         1360                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       741689                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       780493                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       918906                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       918906                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       918906                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       918906                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst       225677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data        65516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst       225641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data        66358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data        65550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst         2113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data       746693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         1623252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 110795.883362                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 119921.657582                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 112338.474722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 119551.881874                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 111986.371380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 120331.091976                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 104652.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 122876.602256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122488.882406                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 90795.883362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 99921.657582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 92338.474722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 99551.881874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 91986.371380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 100331.091976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 84652.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 102876.602256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102488.882406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst         224511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data          35979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst         224474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data          36627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst         224530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu2.data          36401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu3.data           3600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              786875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    129188000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   3542126000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    131099000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   3554397000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    131472000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   3507531000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    142328000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  91308743000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total 102446884000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.005167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.450836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.005172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.448039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.005202                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.444683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.643635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.995179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.515248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst         1166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data        29537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst         1167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data        29731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst         1174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu2.data        29149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst         1360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu3.data       743093                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            836377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    105868000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   2951386000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    107759000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   2959777000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    107992000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   2924551000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    115128000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  76446883000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  85719344000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.005167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.450836                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.005172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.448039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.005202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.444683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.643635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.995179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.515248                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         1166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        29537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        29731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         1174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        29149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         1360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       743093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       836377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst       225677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data        65516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst       225641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data        66358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst       225704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data        65550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst         2113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data       746693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total        1623252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 110795.883362                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 119921.657582                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 112338.474722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 119551.881874                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 111986.371380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 120331.091976                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 104652.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 122876.602256                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122488.882406                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 90795.883362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 99921.657582                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 92338.474722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 99551.881874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 91986.371380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 100331.091976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 84652.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 102876.602256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.l2cache.prefetcher 87935.288889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100837.523709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst        224511                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data         35979                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst        224474                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data         36627                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst        224530                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu2.data         36401                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst           753                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu3.data          3600                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             786875                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    129188000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   3542126000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    131099000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   3554397000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    131472000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   3507531000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    142328000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  91308743000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total 102446884000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.005167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.450836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.005172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.448039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.005202                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.444683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.643635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.995179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.515248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst         1166                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data        29537                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst         1167                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data        29731                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst         1174                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu2.data        29149                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst         1360                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu3.data       743093                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           836377                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    105868000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   2951386000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    107759000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   2959777000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    107992000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   2924551000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    115128000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  76446883000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.l2cache.prefetcher   9413296805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  95132640805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.005167                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.450836                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.005172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.448039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.005202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.444683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.643635                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.995179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.l2cache.prefetcher          inf                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.581194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         1166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        29537                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        29731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         1174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        29149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         1360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       743093                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.l2cache.prefetcher       107048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       943425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.prefetcher.num_hwpf_issued       121683                       # number of hwpf issued
system.l2cache.prefetcher.pfBufferHit               0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in prefetch queue
system.l2cache.prefetcher.pfIdentified         121683                       # number of prefetch candidates identified
system.l2cache.prefetcher.pfInCache                 0                       # number of redundant prefetches already in cache/mshr dropped
system.l2cache.prefetcher.pfRemovedFull             0                       # number of prefetches dropped due to prefetch queue size
system.l2cache.prefetcher.pfSpanPage          5910029                       # number of prefetches that crossed the page
system.l2cache.prefetcher.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181459466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181459466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.replacements                   1087053                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::2          269                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1022::3          144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4407                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2832                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 3.047300                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses            52957485                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   840.479036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst    17.028754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data   164.987672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst    17.000647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data   179.384304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst    16.904211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data   193.779608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst     8.454809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data  6060.657823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.l2cache.prefetcher   676.235075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.102598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.002079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.020140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.002075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.021897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst     0.002064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data     0.023655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst     0.001032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data     0.739826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.l2cache.prefetcher     0.082548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1022          437                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7755                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1022     0.053345                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.946655                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181459466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              1095245                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses             52957485                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             8174.911941                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                3337540                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                86000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.unused_prefetches                  523                       # number of HardPF blocks evicted w/o reference
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         908696                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               908696                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       97992.75                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 51460.46                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    908696.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples      1166.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples     29535.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples      1167.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples     29729.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu2.inst::samples      1174.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu2.data::samples     29149.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu3.inst::samples      1360.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu3.data::samples    743091.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.l2cache.prefetcher::samples    106690.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      32710.46                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        332.61                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     332.62                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.15                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        320.48                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     320.49                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.63                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          5.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      2.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     2.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst       411243                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst       411596                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu2.inst       414065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu3.inst       479666                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1716571                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu0.inst            411243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu0.data          10417577                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu1.inst            411596                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu1.data          10486000                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu2.inst            414065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu2.data          10280731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu3.inst            479666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu3.data         262085815                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.l2cache.prefetcher     37629120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              332615814                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       320493305                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu0.inst           411243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu0.data         10417577                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu1.inst           411596                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu1.data         10486000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu2.inst           414065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu2.data         10280731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu3.inst           479666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu3.data        262085815                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.l2cache.prefetcher     37629120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             653109119                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       320493305                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             320493305                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples      1131995                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     104.691742                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     81.765986                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    110.929211                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127        929231     82.09%     82.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        91399      8.07%     90.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        43849      3.87%     94.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511        40891      3.61%     97.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        21029      1.86%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3129      0.28%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          881      0.08%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          395      0.03%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1191      0.11%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total       1131995                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                60355904                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 60356288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 58154688                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              58156544                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        74624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst        74688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu2.inst        75136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu3.inst        87040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         311488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst          74624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu0.data        1890368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst          74688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu1.data        1902784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu2.inst          75136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu2.data        1865536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu3.inst          87040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu3.data       47557952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.l2cache.prefetcher      6828160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            60356288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     58156544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         58156544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst         1166                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data        29537                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst         1167                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data        29731                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.inst         1174                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.data        29149                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.inst         1360                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.data       743093                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.l2cache.prefetcher       106690                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     39322.47                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     48356.52                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst     40866.11                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data     47994.60                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.inst     40524.49                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.data     48769.23                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.inst     33245.22                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.data     51140.13                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.l2cache.prefetcher     56850.15                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst        74624                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data      1890240                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst        74688                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data      1902656                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.inst        75136                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.data      1865536                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.inst        87040                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.data     47557824                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.l2cache.prefetcher      6828160                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 411243.357235494070                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 10416871.831861335784                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 411596.053082179744                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 10485294.826118357480                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu2.inst 414064.924008979462                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu2.data 10280731.235040666535                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu3.inst 479666.351492514543                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu3.data 262085109.409503042698                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.l2cache.prefetcher 37629119.882894396782                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst     45850003                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data   1428306578                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst     47690751                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data   1426927493                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.inst     47575750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.data   1421574292                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.inst     45213505                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.data  38001869538                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.l2cache.prefetcher   6065342836                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       908696                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   4766883.79                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     58154688                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 320483076.920329928398                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 4331648232929                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         50939                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2709816                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              860015                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         50939                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu0.inst            1166                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu0.data           29537                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu1.inst            1167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu1.data           29731                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu2.inst            1174                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu2.data           29149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu3.inst            1360                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu3.data          743093                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.l2cache.prefetcher       106690                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               943067                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        908696                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              908696                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     38.87                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              60006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              58415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              58497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              58756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              58252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              57736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              57982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              58263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              58559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              58483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             58389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             58418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             58546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             58456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             60344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             63959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              56056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              56038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              56543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              56974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              57018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              56976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              57173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              57171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              57306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              57013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             56945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             57127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             56765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             56598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             56545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             56419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000683335250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181459466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        50939                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       18.513222                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      17.925645                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      40.460577                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          50938    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          50939                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   796976                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                    47817                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                    20179                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                    17881                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                    17035                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                    14052                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                    10790                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                     9228                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                     5951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                     1993                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                     316                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                     205                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                     172                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                     146                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                      98                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                     104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                      57                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                      36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                      13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     943067                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 943067                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       943067                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  13.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    126286                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       6                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  4715305000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   181459344000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              48530350746                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                   30847956996                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        50939                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.838336                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.774054                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.587970                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             12243     24.03%     24.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              2913      5.72%     29.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             27482     53.95%     83.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19              4344      8.53%     92.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20              1673      3.28%     95.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::21               692      1.36%     96.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::22               431      0.85%     97.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::23               365      0.72%     98.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::24               275      0.54%     98.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::25               214      0.42%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::26               165      0.32%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::27                77      0.15%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::28                51      0.10%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::29                 6      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::30                 2      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::31                 3      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::33                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::34                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::36                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          50939                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   34315                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   37711                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   46635                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   48989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   49944                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   50676                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   51168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   51616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   51918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   52048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   52155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   55790                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   53901                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   54218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   61096                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   52337                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   51691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   51646                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                     532                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                     121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                      64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    908696                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                908696                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      908696                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 65.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   593446                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy           73300553910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy                4022240460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             592.137584                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   18333799827                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF     6059300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   157066366173                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy            7953652800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                2137867710                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy               3340855980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          14324185200.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy                 0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy            107448969840                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime                     0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy              2369613780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy           73516585050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy                4060210980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             592.953326                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   17962263740                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF     6059300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   157437902260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy            7771731840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                2158053315                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy               3392599560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          14324185200.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy                 0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy            107596993905                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime                     0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy              2373627960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2817662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::total      2817662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2817662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    118512832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::total    118512832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               118512832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 181459466000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy          5582851364                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         5296597487                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            943067                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  943067    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              943067                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       931528                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       1874595                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             887183                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       908696                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            22832                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             55884                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            55884                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        887183                       # Transaction distribution

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
