
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               184991687000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 385473                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 742208                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   720186                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   518.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              356723548                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   199900501                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     373477820                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.184992                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                184991687000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu0.Branches                         11267753                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   49983058                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     93384431                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data     10891444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10891444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 108203.588030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108203.588030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 106203.588030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106203.588030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data     10877676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10877676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1489747000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1489747000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.001264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data        13768                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13768                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1462211000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1462211000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.001264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        13768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data      7271862                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7271862                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 129624.162629                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129624.162629                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 127624.162629                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 127624.162629                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data      7220063                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7220063                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   6714402000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6714402000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.007123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data        51799                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        51799                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   6610804000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6610804000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.007123                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007123                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        51799                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        51799                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data     18163306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18163306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 125126.191529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125126.191529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 123126.191529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123126.191529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data     18097739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        18097739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   8204149000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8204149000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data        65567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         65567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   8073015000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8073015000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        65567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        65567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data     18163306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18163306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 125126.191529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125126.191529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 123126.191529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123126.191529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data     18097739                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       18097739                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   8204149000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8204149000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data        65567                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        65567                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   8073015000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8073015000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        65567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        65567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184991687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                 64543                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          751                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           277.019019                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        36392179                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data  1020.651180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.996730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184991687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            65567                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         36392179                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.651180                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           18163306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           220000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        61434                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            61434                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10891444                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         9186                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184991687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7271862                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          887                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst     67541363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     67541363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 26442.525883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26442.525883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 24442.525883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24442.525883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst     67315731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       67315731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5966280000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5966280000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst       225632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       225632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5515016000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5515016000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst       225632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       225632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst     67541363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     67541363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 26442.525883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26442.525883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 24442.525883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24442.525883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst     67315731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        67315731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5966280000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5966280000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst       225632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        225632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5515016000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5515016000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst       225632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       225632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst     67541363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     67541363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 26442.525883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26442.525883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 24442.525883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24442.525883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst     67315731                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       67315731                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5966280000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5966280000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst       225632                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       225632                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5515016000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5515016000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst       225632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       225632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184991687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                225379                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           299.343014                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       135308358                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   252.703294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.987122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184991687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           225632                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        135308358                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          252.703294                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           67541363                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           107000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184991687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184991687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                   67541363                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           49                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.numCycles                       184991687                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                 184991687                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            57979617                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           29701118                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      9154243                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses               1222028                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                      1222028                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads             1373368                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes             922497                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     950502                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             92639521                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    92639521                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          179318747                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          74024219                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   10885769                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     18157628                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   7271859                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               166594      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 74152939     79.41%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  223307      0.24%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                       21      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                 117253      0.13%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                     374      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                     100      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                  110366      0.12%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                 455663      0.49%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                   186      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                10586733     11.34%     91.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                7082634      7.58%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead             299036      0.32%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite            189225      0.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  93384431                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   184991687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.Branches                         11271693                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   50000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     93416416                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     10895037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10895037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 107317.131648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107317.131648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 105317.131648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105317.131648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data     10881273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10881273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1477113000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1477113000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.001263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data        13764                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13764                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1449585000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1449585000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.001263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        13764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data      7274294                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7274294                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 128657.061242                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128657.061242                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 126657.061242                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126657.061242                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data      7222483                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7222483                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   6665851000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6665851000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.007122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data        51811                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        51811                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   6562229000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6562229000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.007122                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007122                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        51811                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        51811                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data     18169331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18169331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 124177.872665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124177.872665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 122177.872665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122177.872665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data     18103756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        18103756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   8142964000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8142964000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.003609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data        65575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         65575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   8011814000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8011814000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.003609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        65575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        65575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data     18169331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18169331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 124177.872665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124177.872665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 122177.872665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122177.872665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data     18103756                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       18103756                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   8142964000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8142964000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.003609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data        65575                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        65575                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   8011814000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8011814000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.003609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        65575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        65575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184991687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                 64551                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          775                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           277.077103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        36404237                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data  1020.318208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.996405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184991687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            65575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         36404237                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.318208                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           18169331                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           283000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        61409                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            61409                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                   10895037                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                         9193                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184991687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                    7274294                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                          888                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst     67564204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     67564204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 26450.107220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26450.107220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 24450.107220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24450.107220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst     67338500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       67338500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   5969895000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5969895000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst       225704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       225704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   5518487000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5518487000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst       225704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       225704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst     67564204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     67564204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 26450.107220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26450.107220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 24450.107220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24450.107220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst     67338500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        67338500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   5969895000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5969895000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        225704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   5518487000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5518487000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst     67564204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     67564204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 26450.107220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26450.107220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 24450.107220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24450.107220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst     67338500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       67338500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   5969895000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5969895000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst       225704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       225704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   5518487000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5518487000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst       225704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       225704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184991687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                225451                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           299.348722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       135354112                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   252.702252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.987118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184991687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           225704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        135354112                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          252.702252                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           67564204                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           156000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184991687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184991687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                   67564204                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                           49                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.numCycles                       184991687                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                 184991687                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            57999789                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           29711192                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      9157455                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses               1222432                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                      1222432                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads             1373816                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes             922801                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     950822                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             92671260                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    92671260                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          179379720                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          74049566                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   10889359                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     18163650                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   7274291                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               166650      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 74178542     79.41%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                  223387      0.24%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                       21      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                 117293      0.13%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                     374      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                     100      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                  110402      0.12%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                 455811      0.49%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                   186      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                10590223     11.34%     91.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                7085002      7.58%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead             299136      0.32%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite            189289      0.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  93416416                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   184991687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu2.Branches                         11259385                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   49947085                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     93316519                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.data     10883823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10883823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 104961.108079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104961.108079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 102961.108079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102961.108079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.data     10869167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10869167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   1538310000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1538310000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.001347                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001347                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.data        14656                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14656                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   1508998000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1508998000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.001347                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001347                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        14656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu2.data      7266694                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7266694                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 130796.269174                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130796.269174                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 128796.269174                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 128796.269174                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu2.data      7214802                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7214802                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   6787280000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6787280000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.007141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu2.data        51892                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        51892                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   6683496000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6683496000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.007141                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007141                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        51892                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        51892                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data     18150517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18150517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 125106.539641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125106.539641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 123106.539641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123106.539641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu2.data     18083969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        18083969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   8325590000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8325590000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.003666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu2.data        66548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         66548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   8192494000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8192494000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.003666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        66548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        66548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data     18150517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18150517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 125106.539641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125106.539641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 123106.539641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123106.539641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu2.data     18083969                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       18083969                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   8325590000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8325590000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.003666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu2.data        66548                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        66548                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   8192494000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8192494000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.003666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        66548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184991687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements                 65524                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          775                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs           272.743238                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        36367582                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data  1020.590047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data     0.996670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184991687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            66548                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         36367582                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.590047                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           18150517                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           331000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        61928                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            61928                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                   10883823                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                         9170                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184991687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                    7266694                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                          887                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst     67492861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     67492861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 26472.864435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26472.864435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 24472.864435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24472.864435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.inst     67267382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       67267382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst   5969075000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5969075000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.inst       225479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       225479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst   5518117000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5518117000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst       225479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       225479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst     67492861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     67492861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 26472.864435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26472.864435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 24472.864435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24472.864435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst     67267382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        67267382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst   5969075000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5969075000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst       225479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        225479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst   5518117000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5518117000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst       225479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       225479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst     67492861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     67492861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 26472.864435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26472.864435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 24472.864435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24472.864435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst     67267382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       67267382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst   5969075000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5969075000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst       225479                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       225479                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst   5518117000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5518117000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst       225479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       225479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184991687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.replacements                225226                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           299.331029                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       135211201                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst   252.700697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst     0.987112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184991687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           225479                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        135211201                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          252.700697                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           67492861                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           162000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184991687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184991687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                   67492861                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                           49                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.numCycles                       184991687                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                 184991687                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads            57936777                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes           29679735                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      9147422                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses               1221183                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                      1221183                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads             1372434                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes             921860                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     949822                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             92572125                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    92572125                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads          179189262                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          73970397                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                   10878150                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     18144841                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   7266691                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               166475      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 74098570     79.41%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                  223137      0.24%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                       21      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                 117168      0.13%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                     374      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                     100      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                  110294      0.12%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                 455353      0.49%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                   186      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                10579322     11.34%     91.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                7077602      7.58%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead             298828      0.32%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite            189089      0.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  93316519                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   184991687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu3.Branches                         11264798                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   49970358                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     93360454                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.data     10888753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10888753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 108655.473275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108655.473275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 106655.473275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106655.473275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.data     10875114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10875114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   1481952000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1481952000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.001253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.data        13639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   1454674000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1454674000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.001253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data        13639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu3.data      7270038                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7270038                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 130515.183105                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130515.183105                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 128515.183105                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 128515.183105                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu3.data      7218237                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7218237                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   6760817000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6760817000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.007125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu3.data        51801                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        51801                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   6657215000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6657215000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.007125                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007125                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data        51801                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        51801                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data     18158791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18158791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 125959.183985                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125959.183985                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 123959.183985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123959.183985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu3.data     18093351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        18093351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   8242769000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8242769000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.003604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu3.data        65440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         65440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   8111889000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8111889000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.003604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data        65440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        65440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data     18158791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18158791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 125959.183985                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125959.183985                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 123959.183985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123959.183985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu3.data     18093351                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       18093351                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   8242769000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8242769000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.003604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu3.data        65440                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        65440                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   8111889000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8111889000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.003604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data        65440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        65440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184991687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements                 64416                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          776                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs           277.487638                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        36383022                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data  1021.029614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data     0.997099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184991687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            65440                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         36383022                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1021.029614                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs           18158791                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           337000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        61368                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total            61368                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                   10888753                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                         9182                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184991687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                    7270038                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                          887                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst     67524241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     67524241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 26467.878073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26467.878073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 24467.878073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24467.878073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.inst     67298663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       67298663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst   5970571000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5970571000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.inst       225578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       225578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst   5519415000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5519415000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst       225578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       225578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst     67524241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     67524241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 26467.878073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26467.878073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 24467.878073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24467.878073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst     67298663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        67298663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst   5970571000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5970571000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst       225578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total        225578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst   5519415000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5519415000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst       225578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       225578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst     67524241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     67524241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 26467.878073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26467.878073                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 24467.878073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24467.878073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst     67298663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       67298663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst   5970571000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5970571000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst       225578                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total       225578                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst   5519415000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5519415000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst       225578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       225578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184991687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.replacements                225325                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs           299.338770                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses       135274060                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst   252.700844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst     0.987113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184991687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs           225578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses        135274060                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          252.700844                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           67524241                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           210000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184991687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184991687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                   67524241                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                           49                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.numCycles                       184991687                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                 184991687                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            57964490                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           29693572                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      9151834                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses               1221728                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                      1221728                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads             1373036                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes             922271                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     950262                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             92615727                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    92615727                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads          179273035                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          74005218                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                   10883079                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                     18153114                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   7270035                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               166552      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 74133744     79.41%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                  223247      0.24%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                       21      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                 117223      0.13%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                     374      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                     100      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                  110340      0.12%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                 455553      0.49%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                   186      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                10584117     11.34%     91.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                7080858      7.58%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead             298962      0.32%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite            189177      0.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  93360454                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   184991687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       676643                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       195677                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       676859                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       195701                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       676184                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       198620                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       676481                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       195296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                 3491461                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     14440448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8128064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     14445056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8126976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     14430656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8222464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     14436992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8115712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total                 90346368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184991687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           2818216000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           676897998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           196924776                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer2.occupancy           677116995                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer3.occupancy           196954770                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer3.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer4.occupancy           676439997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer4.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer5.occupancy           199876767                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer5.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer6.occupancy           676738995                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer6.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer7.occupancy           196567752                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer7.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                    15292032                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            1629079                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.135723                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.342498                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  1407977     86.43%     86.43% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   221100     13.57%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                        2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::3                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::4                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::5                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::6                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::7                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::8                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total              1629079                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            4                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            2                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1160415                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       221096                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        2325938                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           221098                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoops                            463556                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              958220                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        485077                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           1138894                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             207303                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            207303                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         958220                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks        11557                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        11557                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data        51799                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data        51811                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu2.data        51892                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu3.data        51801                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       207303                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 124765.191501                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 123804.507935                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 126159.207829                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 125672.274107                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125100.141630                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 104765.191501                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 103804.507935                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 106159.207829                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 105672.274107                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105100.141630                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu0.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data           80                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu2.data          186                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu3.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total              426                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   6453230000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   6404531000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   6523188000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   6499393000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  25880342000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.998533                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.998456                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.996416                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.998378                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.997945                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data        51723                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data        51731                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu2.data        51706                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu3.data        51717                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total         206877                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   5418770000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   5369911000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   5489068000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   5465053000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21742802000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.998533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.998456                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.996416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.998378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        51723                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        51731                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        51706                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data        51717                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       206877                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst       225632                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data        13768                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst       225704                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data        13764                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst       225479                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.data        14656                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst       225578                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.data        13639                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       958220                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 106848.695652                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 112453.046711                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 108814.523185                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 111211.366385                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 112192.041522                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 112781.215294                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 112671.353251                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 112416.707218                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112041.066627                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 86848.695652                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 92453.046711                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 88814.523185                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 91211.366385                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 92192.041522                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 92781.215294                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 92671.353251                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 92416.707218                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92041.066627                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.inst       224482                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data         1394                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.inst       224561                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data         1359                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu2.inst       224323                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu2.data         2050                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu3.inst       224440                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu3.data         1309                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       903918                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    122876000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1391494000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    124375000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1379577000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    129694000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   1421720000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    128220000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   1386098000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   6084054000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.005097                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.898751                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.005064                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.901264                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.005127                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.860126                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.005045                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.904025                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.056670                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.inst         1150                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data        12374                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.inst         1143                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data        12405                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.inst         1156                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.data        12606                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.inst         1138                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.data        12330                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        54302                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     99876000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1144014000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    101515000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1131477000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    106574000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   1169600000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    105460000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   1139498000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4998014000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.005097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.898751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.005064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.901264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.005127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.860126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.005045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.904025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056670                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         1150                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        12374                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1143                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        12405                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         1156                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        12606                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         1138                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data        12330                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        54302                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       246139                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       246139                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       246139                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       246139                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst       225632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data        65567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data        65575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst       225479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data        66548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst       225578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data        65440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         1165523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 106848.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 122388.317706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 108814.523185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 121368.778845                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 112192.041522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 123536.944894                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 112671.353251                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 123120.380346                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122385.015641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 86848.695652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 102388.317706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 88814.523185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 101368.778845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 92192.041522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 103536.944894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 92671.353251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 103120.380346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102385.015641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst         224482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data           1470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst         224561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data           1439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst         224323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu2.data           2236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst         224440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu3.data           1393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              904344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    122876000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   7844724000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    124375000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   7784108000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    129694000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   7944908000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    128220000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   7885491000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  31964396000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.005097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.977580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.005064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.978056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.005127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.966400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.005045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.978713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.224087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst         1150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data        64097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst         1143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data        64136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst         1156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu2.data        64312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst         1138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu3.data        64047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            261179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     99876000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   6562784000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    101515000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   6501388000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    106574000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   6658668000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    105460000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   6604551000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26740816000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.005097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.977580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.005064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.978056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.005127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.966400                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.005045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.978713                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.224087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         1150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        64097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        64136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         1156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        64312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         1138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data        64047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       261179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst       225632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data        65567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst       225704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data        65575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst       225479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data        66548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst       225578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data        65440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total        1165523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 106848.695652                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 122388.317706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 108814.523185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 121368.778845                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 112192.041522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 123536.944894                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 112671.353251                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 123120.380346                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122385.015641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 86848.695652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 102388.317706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 88814.523185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 101368.778845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 92192.041522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 103536.944894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 92671.353251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 103120.380346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102385.015641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst        224482                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data          1470                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst        224561                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data          1439                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst        224323                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu2.data          2236                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst        224440                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu3.data          1393                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             904344                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    122876000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   7844724000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    124375000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   7784108000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    129694000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   7944908000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    128220000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   7885491000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  31964396000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.005097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.977580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.005064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.978056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.005127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.966400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.005045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.978713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.224087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst         1150                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data        64097                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst         1143                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data        64136                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst         1156                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu2.data        64312                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst         1138                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu3.data        64047                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           261179                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     99876000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   6562784000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    101515000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   6501388000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    106574000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   6658668000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    105460000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   6604551000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26740816000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.005097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.977580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.005064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.978056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.005127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.966400                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.005045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.978713                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.224087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         1150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        64097                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        64136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         1156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        64312                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         1138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data        64047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       261179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184991687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.replacements                    463556                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2815                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 4.948930                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses            19075124                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks  1846.520368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst    19.045820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data   510.314561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst    19.042716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data   614.382291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst    19.659318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data   564.038594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst    19.673999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data   479.767874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.450811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.004650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.124589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.004649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.149996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst     0.004800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data     0.137705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst     0.004803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data     0.117131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184991687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               467652                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses             19075124                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             4092.445541                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                2314377                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                86000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         238938                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               238938                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      369885.62                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 50894.30                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    238938.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples      1150.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples     64091.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples      1143.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples     64134.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu2.inst::samples      1156.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu2.data::samples     64302.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu3.inst::samples      1138.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu3.data::samples     64043.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      32144.30                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         90.35                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      90.36                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.13                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         82.65                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      82.66                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.58                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst       397856                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst       395434                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu2.inst       399931                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu3.inst       393704                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1586925                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu0.inst            397856                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu0.data          22175094                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu1.inst            395434                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu1.data          22188586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu2.inst            399931                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu2.data          22249475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu3.inst            393704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu3.data          22157796                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               90357876                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        82663347                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu0.inst           397856                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu0.data         22175094                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu1.inst           395434                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu1.data         22188586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu2.inst           399931                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu2.data         22249475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu3.inst           393704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu3.data         22157796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             173021223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        82663347                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              82663347                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       297175                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     107.694658                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     90.585663                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     80.390552                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127        195792     65.88%     65.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        79179     26.64%     92.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        15461      5.20%     97.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5014      1.69%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1332      0.45%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          289      0.10%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           81      0.03%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           22      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            5      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        297175                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                16714048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 16715456                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 15290368                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              15292032                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        73600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst        73152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu2.inst        73984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu3.inst        72832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         293568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst          73600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu0.data        4102208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst          73152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu1.data        4104704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu2.inst          73984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu2.data        4115968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu3.inst          72832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu3.data        4099008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            16715456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     15292032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         15292032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst         1150                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data        64097                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst         1143                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data        64136                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.inst         1156                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.data        64312                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.inst         1138                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.data        64047                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     35425.87                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     50897.96                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst     37384.30                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data     49890.78                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.inst     40710.64                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.data     52021.66                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.inst     41247.81                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.data     51620.12                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst        73600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data      4101824                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst        73152                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data      4104576                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.inst        73984                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.data      4115328                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.inst        72832                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.data      4098752                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 397855.715538179851                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 22173017.969180423766                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 395433.985095773533                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 22187894.313326630741                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu2.inst 399931.484488813847                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu2.data 22246015.843944381922                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu3.inst 393704.177636911918                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu3.data 22156411.817575350404                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst     40739755                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data   3262406332                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst     42730252                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data   3199795199                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.inst     47061502                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.data   3345616890                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.inst     46940003                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.data   3306113584                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       238938                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  18183207.70                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     15290368                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 82654351.922310978174                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 4344659282581                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         13452                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               796957                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              225796                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         13452                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu0.inst            1150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu0.data           64097                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu1.inst            1143                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu1.data           64136                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu2.inst            1156                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu2.data           64312                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu3.inst            1138                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu3.data           64047                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               261179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        238938                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              238938                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     40.57                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              16137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              15968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              15360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              15363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              15425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              15358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              15197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              15308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              15825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              20138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             21234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             16934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             16064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             15741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             15693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             15412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              14950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              14917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              14805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              14870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              15018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              14989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              14997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              14971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              14981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              14884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             15065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             14891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             14989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             14989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             14856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             14740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001494170748                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184991687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        13452                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       19.413321                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      18.636853                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      59.156710                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          13451     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          13452                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   232490                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                    22531                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                     4323                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                     1813                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     261179                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 261179                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       261179                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  26.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     68485                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      22                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1305785000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   184986087000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              13291403517                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    8394709767                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        13452                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.760333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.726697                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.086180                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              2972     22.09%     22.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               173      1.29%     23.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              8095     60.18%     83.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19              1672     12.43%     95.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20               420      3.12%     99.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::21               100      0.74%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::22                19      0.14%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::23                 1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          13452                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   10236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   10555                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   12832                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   13392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   13539                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   13632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   13641                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   13602                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   13601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   13583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   13558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   13712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   13673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   13886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   15000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   13529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   13468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   13464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    238938                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                238938                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      238938                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 56.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   134405                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy           67285477290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy                1017278640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             536.951018                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   36756578968                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF     6177080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   142058028032                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy           14375353440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                 540681240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy                886188240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          14602617120.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy                 0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy             99331474710                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime                     0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy               623878740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy           69829698510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy                1104579420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             540.340815                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   31165486853                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF     6177080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   147649120147                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy           12232851360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                 587097885                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy                978472740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          14602617120.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy                 0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy             99958558935                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime                     0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy               623241900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       776373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::total       776373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 776373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     32007488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::total     32007488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                32007488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184991687000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy          1605904906                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         1428356606                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            261179                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  261179    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              261179                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       254015                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        515194                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              54302                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       238938                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            15077                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            206877                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           206877                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         54302                       # Transaction distribution

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
