
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               185785892000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 379661                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 779000                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   682607                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   469.30                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              395880594                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   178174227                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     320346110                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.185786                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                185785892000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu0.Branches                         11271693                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   50000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     93416416                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data     10895037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10895037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 121718.214312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121718.214312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 119718.214312                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119718.214312                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data     10881328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10881328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1668635000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1668635000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.001258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data        13709                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13709                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1641217000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1641217000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.001258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        13709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data      7274294                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7274294                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 136796.711250                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 136796.711250                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 134796.711250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 134796.711250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data      7222481                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7222481                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   7087848000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7087848000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.007123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data        51813                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        51813                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   6984222000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6984222000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.007123                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007123                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        51813                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        51813                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data     18169331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18169331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 133641.876011                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 133641.876011                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 131641.876011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131641.876011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data     18103809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        18103809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   8756483000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8756483000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data        65522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         65522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   8625439000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8625439000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        65522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        65522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data     18169331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18169331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 133641.876011                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 133641.876011                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 131641.876011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131641.876011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data     18103809                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       18103809                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   8756483000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8756483000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data        65522                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        65522                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   8625439000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8625439000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        65522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        65522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185785892000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                 64498                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          759                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           277.301227                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        36404184                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data  1020.341187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.996427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185785892000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            65522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         36404184                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.341187                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           18169331                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           220000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        61350                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            61350                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10895037                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         9252                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185785892000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7274294                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          898                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst     67564204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     67564204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 27250.181654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27250.181654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 25250.181654                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25250.181654                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst     67338500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       67338500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   6150475000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6150475000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       225704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5699067000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5699067000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       225704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst     67564204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     67564204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 27250.181654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27250.181654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 25250.181654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25250.181654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst     67338500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        67338500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   6150475000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6150475000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        225704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5699067000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5699067000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst     67564204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     67564204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 27250.181654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27250.181654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 25250.181654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25250.181654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst     67338500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       67338500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   6150475000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6150475000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       225704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5699067000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5699067000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       225704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185785892000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                225451                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           299.348722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       135354112                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   252.703476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.987123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185785892000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           225704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        135354112                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          252.703476                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           67564204                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           107000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185785892000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185785892000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                   67564204                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          131                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.numCycles                       185785892                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                 185785892                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            57999789                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           29711192                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      9157455                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses               1222432                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                      1222432                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads             1373816                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes             922801                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     950822                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             92671260                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    92671260                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          179379720                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          74049566                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   10889359                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     18163650                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   7274291                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               166650      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 74178542     79.41%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  223387      0.24%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                       21      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                 117293      0.13%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                     374      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                     100      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                  110402      0.12%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                 455811      0.49%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                   186      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                10590223     11.34%     91.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                7085002      7.58%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead             299136      0.32%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite            189289      0.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  93416416                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   185785892000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.Branches                         11266264                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   49976675                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     93372376                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     10890091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10890091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 118743.245106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118743.245106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 116743.245106                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116743.245106                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data     10875583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10875583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1722727000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1722727000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.001332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data        14508                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14508                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1693711000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1693711000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.001332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        14508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data      7270947                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7270947                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 137418.794846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 137418.794846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 135418.794846                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 135418.794846                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data      7219103                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7219103                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   7124340000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7124340000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.007130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data        51844                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        51844                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   7020652000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7020652000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.007130                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007130                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        51844                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        51844                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data     18161038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18161038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 133335.347842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 133335.347842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 131335.347842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131335.347842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data     18094686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        18094686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   8847067000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8847067000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.003654                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003654                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data        66352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         66352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   8714363000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8714363000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.003654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        66352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        66352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data     18161038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18161038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 133335.347842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 133335.347842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 131335.347842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131335.347842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data     18094686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       18094686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   8847067000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8847067000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.003654                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003654                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data        66352                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        66352                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   8714363000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8714363000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.003654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        66352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185785892000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                 65328                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          771                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           273.707469                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        36388428                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data  1020.558835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.996639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185785892000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            66352                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         36388428                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.558835                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           18161038                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           283000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        61451                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            61451                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                   10890091                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                         9245                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185785892000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                    7270947                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                          895                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst     67532757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     67532757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 27219.392301                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27219.392301                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 25219.392301                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25219.392301                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst     67307152                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       67307152                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   6140831000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6140831000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst       225605                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       225605                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   5689621000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5689621000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst       225605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       225605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst     67532757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     67532757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 27219.392301                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27219.392301                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 25219.392301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25219.392301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst     67307152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        67307152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   6140831000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6140831000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst       225605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        225605                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   5689621000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5689621000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst       225605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       225605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst     67532757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     67532757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 27219.392301                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27219.392301                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 25219.392301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25219.392301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst     67307152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       67307152                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   6140831000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6140831000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst       225605                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       225605                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   5689621000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5689621000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst       225605                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       225605                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185785892000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                225352                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           299.340693                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       135291119                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   252.702360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.987119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185785892000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           225605                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        135291119                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          252.702360                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           67532757                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           156000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185785892000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185785892000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                   67532757                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                          137                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.numCycles                       185785892                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                 185785892                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            57972012                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           29697329                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      9153031                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses               1221881                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                      1221881                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads             1373206                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes             922386                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     950382                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             92627556                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    92627556                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          179295760                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          74014664                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   10884415                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     18155359                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   7270944                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               166573      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 74143285     79.41%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                  223277      0.24%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                       21      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                 117238      0.13%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                     374      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                     100      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                  110354      0.12%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                 455609      0.49%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                   186      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                10585415     11.34%     91.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                7081743      7.58%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead             299000      0.32%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite            189201      0.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  93372376                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   185785892000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu2.Branches                         11270706                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   49995762                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     93408414                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.data     10894137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10894137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 119576.503120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119576.503120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 117576.503120                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117576.503120                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.data     10880033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10880033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   1686507000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1686507000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.001295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.data        14104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   1658299000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1658299000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.001295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        14104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu2.data      7273686                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7273686                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 136787.137122                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 136787.137122                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 134787.137122                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 134787.137122                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu2.data      7221878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7221878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   7086668000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7086668000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.007123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu2.data        51808                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        51808                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   6983052000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6983052000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.007123                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007123                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        51808                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        51808                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data     18167823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18167823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 133104.366428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 133104.366428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 131104.366428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131104.366428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu2.data     18101911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        18101911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   8773175000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8773175000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.003628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu2.data        65912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         65912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   8641351000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8641351000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.003628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        65912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        65912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data     18167823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18167823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 133104.366428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 133104.366428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 131104.366428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131104.366428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu2.data     18101911                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       18101911                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   8773175000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8773175000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.003628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu2.data        65912                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        65912                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   8641351000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8641351000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.003628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        65912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        65912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185785892000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements                 64888                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          780                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs           275.637562                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        36401558                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data  1020.495906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data     0.996578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185785892000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            65912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         36401558                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.495906                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           18167823                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           331000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        61609                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            61609                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                   10894137                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                         9250                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185785892000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                    7273686                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                          898                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst     67558490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     67558490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 27245.690916                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27245.690916                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 25245.690916                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25245.690916                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.inst     67332804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       67332804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst   6148971000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6148971000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.inst       225686                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       225686                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst   5697599000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5697599000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst       225686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       225686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst     67558490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     67558490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 27245.690916                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27245.690916                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 25245.690916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25245.690916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst     67332804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        67332804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst   6148971000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6148971000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst       225686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        225686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst   5697599000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5697599000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst       225686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       225686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst     67558490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     67558490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 27245.690916                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27245.690916                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 25245.690916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25245.690916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst     67332804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       67332804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst   6148971000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6148971000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst       225686                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       225686                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst   5697599000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5697599000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst       225686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       225686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185785892000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.replacements                225433                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           299.347279                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       135342666                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst   252.703080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst     0.987121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185785892000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           225686                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        135342666                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          252.703080                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           67558490                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           162000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185785892000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185785892000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                   67558490                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                          138                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.numCycles                       185785892                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                 185785892                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads            57994736                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes           29708674                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      9156650                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses               1222334                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                      1222334                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads             1373708                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes             922727                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     950742                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             92663318                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    92663318                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads          179364454                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          74043223                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                   10888460                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     18162143                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   7273683                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               166636      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 74172135     79.41%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                  223367      0.24%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                       21      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                 117283      0.13%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                     374      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                     100      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                  110394      0.12%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                 455775      0.49%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                   186      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                10589348     11.34%     91.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                7084410      7.58%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead             299112      0.32%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite            189273      0.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  93408414                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   185785892000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu3.Branches                          2151481                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   28201790                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     40148904                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.data      6038291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6038291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 128306.427362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128306.427362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 126306.427362                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126306.427362                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.data      5278088                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        5278088                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  97538931000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  97538931000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.125897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.125897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.data       760203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       760203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  96018525000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  96018525000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.125897                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125897                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       760203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       760203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu3.data      1875702                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1875702                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 95979.953380                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95979.953380                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 93979.953380                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93979.953380                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu3.data      1873557                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1873557                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    205877000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    205877000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.001144                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001144                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu3.data         2145                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2145                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    201587000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    201587000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.001144                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001144                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data         2145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data      7913993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total      7913993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 128215.471150                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128215.471150                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 126215.471150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126215.471150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu3.data      7151645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total         7151645                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  97744808000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  97744808000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.096329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu3.data       762348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total        762348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  96220112000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  96220112000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.096329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       762348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       762348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data      7913993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total      7913993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 128215.471150                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128215.471150                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 126215.471150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126215.471150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu3.data      7151645                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total        7151645                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  97744808000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  97744808000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.096329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu3.data       762348                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total       762348                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  96220112000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  96220112000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.096329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       762348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       762348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185785892000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements                761324                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          903                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.381077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        16590334                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data  1022.845474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data     0.998873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185785892000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           762348                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         16590334                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.845474                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            7913993                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           339000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks       750294                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           750294                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                    6038291                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                        12506                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185785892000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                    1875702                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                           54                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst     36783919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     36783919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 82452.437293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82452.437293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 80452.437293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80452.437293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.inst     36781806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       36781806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    174222000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    174222000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.inst         2113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    169996000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    169996000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         2113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst     36783919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     36783919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 82452.437293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82452.437293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 80452.437293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80452.437293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst     36781806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        36781806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    174222000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    174222000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst         2113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          2113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    169996000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    169996000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         2113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst     36783919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     36783919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 82452.437293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82452.437293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 80452.437293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80452.437293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst     36781806                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       36781806                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    174222000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    174222000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst         2113                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         2113                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    169996000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    169996000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         2113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185785892000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.replacements                  1857                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         17408.385708                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        73569951                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst   255.843726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst     0.999390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185785892000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2113                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         73569951                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.843726                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           36783919                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           168000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185785892000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185785892000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                   36783919                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                          219                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.numCycles                       185785892                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                 185785892                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            11453482                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           21833604                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      1260274                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                 69763                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                        69763                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               96543                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes              51076                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      17684                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             40097607                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    40097607                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           82449051                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          36130592                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    6038269                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      7913965                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1875696                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                18860      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 32142446     80.06%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                      27      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    34400      0.09%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   2710      0.01%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                   1088      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                    5968      0.01%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                   10785      0.03%     80.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                   11614      0.03%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                   6254      0.02%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                   787      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 6020055     14.99%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1864017      4.64%     99.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead              18214      0.05%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite             11679      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  40148904                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   185785892000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       676859                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       195542                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       676562                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       198032                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       676805                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       196712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         6083                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2286020                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                 4912615                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     14445056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8119808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     14438720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8179392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     14443904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8161344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       135232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     96809088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total                164732544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185785892000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           5142781000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           677116995                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           196708857                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer2.occupancy           676823991                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer3.occupancy           199266789                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer3.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer4.occupancy           677065992                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer4.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer5.occupancy           197865870                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer5.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer6.occupancy             6340998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer7.occupancy          2289522519                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer7.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                    59484352                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            2842996                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.093078                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.290544                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  2578377     90.69%     90.69% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   264617      9.31%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                        2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::3                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::4                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::5                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::6                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::7                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::8                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total              2842996                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            3                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            2                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1634131                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       264614                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        3273373                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           264616                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoops                           1203754                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             1481632                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       1864147                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            973738                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             157610                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            157610                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        1481632                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks        18950                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        18950                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data        51813                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data        51844                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu2.data        51808                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu3.data         2145                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       157610                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 131952.523632                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 132663.921114                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 131935.703377                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 104841.899441                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131872.223992                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 111952.523632                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 112663.921114                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 111935.703377                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 84841.899441                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111872.223992                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu0.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data          124                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu2.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu3.data          355                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total              640                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   6826036000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   6861378000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   6824902000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    187667000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  20699983000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.998417                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.997608                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.998475                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.834499                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.995939                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data        51731                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data        51720                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu2.data        51729                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu3.data         1790                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total         156970                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   5791416000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   5826978000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   5790322000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    151867000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17560583000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.998417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.997608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.998475                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.834499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        51731                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        51720                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        51729                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data         1790                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       156970                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data        13709                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst       225605                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data        14508                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst       225686                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.data        14104                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst         2113                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.data       760203                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1481632                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 115780.013643                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 121085.825450                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 116325.941570                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 120910.724896                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 116099.244505                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 120254.834098                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 105945.868946                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 123440.777385                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123198.668171                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 95780.013643                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 101085.825450                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 96325.941570                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 100910.724896                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 96099.244505                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 100254.834098                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 85945.868946                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 103440.777385                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103198.668171                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.inst       222772                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data          601                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.inst       222764                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data         1044                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu2.inst       222774                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu2.data          813                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu3.inst          709                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu3.data         1042                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       672519                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    339467000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1587193000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    330482000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1627942000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    338081000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   1598307000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    148748000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  93711424000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  99681644000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.012990                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.956160                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.012593                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.928040                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.012903                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.942357                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.664458                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.998629                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.546096                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.inst         2932                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data        13108                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.inst         2841                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data        13464                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.inst         2912                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.data        13291                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.inst         1404                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.data       759161                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       809113                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    280827000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1325033000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    273662000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1358662000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    279841000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   1332487000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    120668000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  78528204000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  83499384000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.012990                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.956160                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.012593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.928040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.012903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.942357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.664458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.998629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.546096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         2932                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        13108                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         2841                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        13464                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         2912                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        13291                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         1404                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       759161                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       809113                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       934704                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       934704                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       934704                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       934704                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data        65522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst       225605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data        66352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst       225686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data        65912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst         2113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data       762348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         1639242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 115780.013643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 129755.687164                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 116325.941570                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 130236.254296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 116099.244505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 129547.969855                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 105945.868946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 123397.026878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124607.955010                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 95780.013643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 109755.687164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 96325.941570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 110236.254296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 96099.244505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 109547.969855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 85945.868946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 103397.026878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104607.955010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst         222772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data            683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst         222764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data           1168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst         222774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu2.data            892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst            709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu3.data           1397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              673159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    339467000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   8413229000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    330482000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   8489320000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    338081000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   8423209000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    148748000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  93899091000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total 120381627000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.012990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.989576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.012593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.982397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.012903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.986467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.664458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.998168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.589347                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst         2932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data        64839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst         2841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data        65184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst         2912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu2.data        65020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst         1404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu3.data       760951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            966083                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    280827000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   7116449000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    273662000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   7185640000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    279841000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   7122809000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    120668000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  78680071000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 101059967000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.012990                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.989576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.012593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.982397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.012903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.986467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.664458                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.998168                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.589347                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         2932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        64839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         2841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        65184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         2912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        65020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         1404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       760951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       966083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data        65522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst       225605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data        66352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst       225686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data        65912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst         2113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data       762348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total        1639242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 115780.013643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 129755.687164                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 116325.941570                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 130236.254296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 116099.244505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 129547.969855                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 105945.868946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 123397.026878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124607.955010                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 95780.013643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 109755.687164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 96325.941570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 110236.254296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 96099.244505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 109547.969855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 85945.868946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 103397.026878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104607.955010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst        222772                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data           683                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst        222764                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data          1168                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst        222774                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu2.data           892                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst           709                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu3.data          1397                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             673159                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    339467000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   8413229000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    330482000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   8489320000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    338081000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   8423209000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    148748000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  93899091000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total 120381627000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.012990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.989576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.012593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.982397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.012903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.986467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.664458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.998168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.589347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst         2932                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data        64839                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst         2841                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data        65184                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst         2912                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu2.data        65020                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst         1404                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu3.data       760951                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           966083                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    280827000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   7116449000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    273662000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   7185640000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    279841000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   7122809000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    120668000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  78680071000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 101059967000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.012990                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.989576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.012593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.982397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.012903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.986467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.664458                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.998168                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.589347                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         2932                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        64839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         2841                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        65184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         2912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        65020                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         1404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       760951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       966083                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185785892000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.replacements                   1203754                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          458                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3364                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.694391                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses            27394810                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   445.038038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst    12.163771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data   120.491421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst    12.215997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data   154.354041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst    12.201966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data   130.305060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst     4.637887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data  3201.506689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.108652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.002970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.029417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.002982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.037684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst     0.002979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data     0.031813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst     0.001132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data     0.781618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185785892000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              1207850                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses             27394810                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             4092.914871                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                3254420                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                86000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         929443                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               929443                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       98012.81                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 52916.54                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    929443.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples      2932.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples     64833.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples      2841.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples     65181.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu2.inst::samples      2912.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu2.data::samples     65012.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu3.inst::samples      1404.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu3.data::samples    760945.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      34166.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        332.79                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     332.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        320.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     320.18                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.82                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          5.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      2.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     2.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst      1010023                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst       978675                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu2.inst      1003133                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu3.inst       483654                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3475485                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu0.inst           1010023                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu0.data          22335905                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu1.inst            978675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu1.data          22454751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu2.inst           1003133                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu2.data          22398256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu3.inst            483654                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu3.data         262134350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              332798747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       320176906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu0.inst          1010023                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu0.data         22335905                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu1.inst           978675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu1.data         22454751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu2.inst          1003133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu2.data         22398256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu3.inst           483654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu3.data        262134350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             652975652                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       320176906                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             320176906                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples      1242953                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean      97.598336                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     79.544652                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     94.169348                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127       1026762     82.61%     82.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255       121574      9.78%     92.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        37032      2.98%     95.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511        36614      2.95%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        18664      1.50%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2065      0.17%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          140      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           43      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           59      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total       1242953                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                61827840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 61829312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 59483008                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              59484352                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst       187648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst       181824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu2.inst       186368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu3.inst        89856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         645696                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst         187648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu0.data        4149696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst         181824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu1.data        4171776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu2.inst         186368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu2.data        4161280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu3.inst          89856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu3.data       48700864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            61829312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     59484352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         59484352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst         2932                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data        64839                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst         2841                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data        65184                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.inst         2912                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.data        65020                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.inst         1404                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.data       760951                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     44242.08                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     58218.54                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst     44769.80                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data     58680.06                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.inst     44571.52                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.data     58007.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.inst     34507.84                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.data     51664.24                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst       187648                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data      4149312                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst       181824                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data      4171584                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.inst       186368                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.data      4160768                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.inst        89856                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.data     48700480                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 1010022.870843174635                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 22333837.921342272311                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 978674.957730374881                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 22453717.852806605399                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu2.inst 1003133.219609592226                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu2.data 22395500.299882832915                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu3.inst 483653.516597481968                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu3.data 262132282.896916627884                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst    129717766                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data   3774831599                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst    127191008                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data   3825000832                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.inst    129792261                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.data   3771620876                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.inst     48449007                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.data  39313951517                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       929443                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   4798985.13                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     59483008                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 320169671.440929412842                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 4460383136068                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         52829                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2837755                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              878821                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         52830                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu0.inst            2932                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu0.data           64839                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu1.inst            2841                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu1.data           65184                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu2.inst            2912                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu2.data           65020                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu3.inst            1404                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu3.data          760951                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               966083                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        929443                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              929443                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     34.42                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              61660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              59737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              59273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              59748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              59813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              60326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              59360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              59583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              59807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              60712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             59951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             59377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             59788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             60179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             61855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             64891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              57906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              57830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              57568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              58098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              58212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              58282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              58261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              58361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              58294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              58018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             57860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             58181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             58337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             58258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             57922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             58034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000400248252                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185785892000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        52830                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       18.286201                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      17.887349                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      23.345443                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          52828    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          52830                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   875085                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                    79642                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                     8840                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                     2493                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     966083                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 966083                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       966083                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                   5.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     52880                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      23                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  4830300000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   185785824000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              51120554866                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                   33006929866                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        52829                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.592799                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.548923                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.253724                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             15425     29.20%     29.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              3151      5.96%     35.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             26601     50.35%     85.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19              4265      8.07%     93.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20              2536      4.80%     98.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::21               489      0.93%     99.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::22               207      0.39%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::23                95      0.18%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::24                39      0.07%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::25                20      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::26                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          52829                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   33286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   36893                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   48263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   51829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   53085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   53653                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   54093                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   54330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   54257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   54147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   53796                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   55047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   54061                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   54457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   58439                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   53466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   53072                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   53038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                     164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                      46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    929443                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                929443                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      929443                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 64.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   599639                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy           79075894230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy                4416725460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             598.029335                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10917032015                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF     6203600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   168665259985                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy            4751556000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                2347518690                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy               3423630000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          14665310400.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy                 0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy            111105413520                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime                     0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy              2424778740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy           79592779920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy                4458023220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             599.091262                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    9799782234                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF     6203600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   169782509766                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy            4316283840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                2369480355                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy               3474038400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          14665310400.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy                 0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy            111302704575                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime                     0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy              2426788440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2890254                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::total      2890254                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2890254                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    121313664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::total    121313664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               121313664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185785892000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy          5750386448                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         5472979338                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            966083                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  966083    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              966083                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       958088                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       1924171                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             809113                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       929443                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            28645                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            156970                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           156970                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        809113                       # Transaction distribution

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
