
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               186533401000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 332203                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 839272                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   527860                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   404.86                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              460732547                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   134496449                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     213710635                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.186533                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                186533401000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu0.Branches                         11271693                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   50000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     93416416                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data     10895037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10895037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 120267.768144                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120267.768144                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 118267.768144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118267.768144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data     10880390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10880390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1761562000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1761562000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.001344                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001344                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data        14647                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14647                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1732268000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1732268000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.001344                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001344                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        14647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data      7274294                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7274294                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 144263.368778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 144263.368778                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 142263.368778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 142263.368778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data      7222382                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7222382                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   7489000000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7489000000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.007136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data        51912                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        51912                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   7385176000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7385176000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.007136                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007136                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        51912                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        51912                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data     18169331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18169331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 138982.887363                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138982.887363                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 136982.887363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 136982.887363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data     18102772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        18102772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   9250562000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9250562000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data        66559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         66559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   9117444000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9117444000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        66559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        66559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data     18169331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18169331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 138982.887363                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138982.887363                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 136982.887363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 136982.887363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data     18102772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       18102772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   9250562000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9250562000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data        66559                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        66559                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   9117444000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9117444000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        66559                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66559                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186533401000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                 65535                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          749                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           272.980829                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        36405221                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data  1020.368464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.996454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186533401000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            66559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         36405221                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.368464                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           18169331                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           220000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        61928                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            61928                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10895037                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         9271                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186533401000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7274294                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          907                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst     67564204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     67564204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 28382.212987                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28382.212987                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 26382.212987                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26382.212987                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst     67338500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       67338500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   6405979000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6405979000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       225704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5954571000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5954571000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       225704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst     67564204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     67564204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 28382.212987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28382.212987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 26382.212987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26382.212987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst     67338500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        67338500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   6405979000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6405979000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        225704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5954571000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5954571000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst     67564204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     67564204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 28382.212987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28382.212987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 26382.212987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26382.212987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst     67338500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       67338500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   6405979000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6405979000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       225704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5954571000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5954571000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       225704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186533401000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                225451                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           299.348722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       135354112                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   252.706933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.987136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186533401000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           225704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        135354112                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          252.706933                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           67564204                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           107000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186533401000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186533401000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                   67564204                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          137                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.numCycles                       186533401                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                 186533401                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            57999789                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           29711192                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      9157455                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses               1222432                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                      1222432                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads             1373816                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes             922801                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     950822                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             92671260                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    92671260                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          179379720                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          74049566                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   10889359                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     18163650                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   7274291                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               166650      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 74178542     79.41%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  223387      0.24%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                       21      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                 117293      0.13%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                     374      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                     100      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                  110402      0.12%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                 455811      0.49%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                   186      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                10590223     11.34%     91.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                7085002      7.58%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead             299136      0.32%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite            189289      0.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  93416416                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   186533401000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.Branches                          2148603                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   28160304                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     40090824                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data      6029486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6029486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 129634.879297                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129634.879297                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 127634.881932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 127634.881932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data      5270348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        5270348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  98410763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  98410763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.125904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.125904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data       759138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       759138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  96892489000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  96892489000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.125904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       759138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       759138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data      1872992                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1872992                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 101085.002443                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101085.002443                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 99085.002443                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99085.002443                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data      1870945                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1870945                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    206921000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    206921000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.001093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001093                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data         2047                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2047                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    202827000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    202827000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.001093                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001093                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data         2047                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2047                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data      7902478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      7902478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 129558.102170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129558.102170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 127558.104797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 127558.104797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data      7141293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         7141293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  98617684000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  98617684000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.096322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data       761185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        761185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  97095316000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  97095316000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.096322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       761185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       761185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data      7902478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      7902478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 129558.102170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129558.102170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 127558.104797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 127558.104797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data      7141293                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        7141293                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  98617684000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  98617684000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.096322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data       761185                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       761185                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  97095316000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  97095316000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.096322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       761185                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       761185                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186533401000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                760160                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          903                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.381822                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        16566140                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data  1022.861584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.998888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186533401000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           761184                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         16566140                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.861584                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            7902477                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           227000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks       748997                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           748997                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                    6029486                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                        12501                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186533401000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                    1872992                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                           61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst     36729903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     36729903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 85119.904077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85119.904077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 83119.904077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83119.904077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst     36727818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       36727818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    177475000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    177475000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst         2085                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2085                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    173305000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    173305000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         2085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst     36729903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     36729903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 85119.904077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85119.904077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 83119.904077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83119.904077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst     36727818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        36727818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    177475000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    177475000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst         2085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          2085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    173305000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    173305000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         2085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst     36729903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     36729903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 85119.904077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85119.904077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 83119.904077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83119.904077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst     36727818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       36727818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    177475000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    177475000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst         2085                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         2085                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    173305000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    173305000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         2085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186533401000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                  1829                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         17616.260432                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        73461891                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   255.845830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.999398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186533401000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2085                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         73461891                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.845830                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           36729903                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           113000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186533401000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186533401000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                   36729903                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                          242                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.numCycles                       186533343                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                 186533343                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            11438756                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           21801772                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1258751                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                 69763                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                        69763                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               96543                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              51076                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                      17684                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             40039527                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    40039527                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           82329335                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          36078100                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    6029463                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      7902449                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   1872986                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                18860      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 32095882     80.06%     80.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                      27      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    34400      0.09%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   2710      0.01%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                   1088      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                    5968      0.01%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                   10785      0.03%     80.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                   11614      0.03%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                   6254      0.02%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                   787      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 6011249     14.99%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                1861307      4.64%     99.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead              18214      0.05%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite             11679      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  40090824                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   186533401000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu2.Branches                          2149691                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   28175984                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     40112776                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.data      6032814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6032814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 129468.071972                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129468.071972                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 127468.074604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 127468.074604                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.data      5273074                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        5273074                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  98362073000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  98362073000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.125935                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.125935                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.data       759740                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       759740                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  96842595000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  96842595000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.125935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data       759740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       759740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu2.data      1874016                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1874016                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 98280.999529                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98280.999529                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 96280.999529                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96280.999529                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu2.data      1871895                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1871895                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data    208454000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    208454000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.001132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu2.data         2121                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2121                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data    204212000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    204212000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.001132                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001132                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data         2121                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2121                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data      7906830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      7906830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 129381.248023                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129381.248023                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 127381.250648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 127381.250648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu2.data      7144969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         7144969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  98570527000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  98570527000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.096355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu2.data       761861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        761861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  97046807000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  97046807000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.096355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data       761861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       761861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data      7906830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      7906830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 129381.248023                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129381.248023                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 127381.250648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 127381.250648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu2.data      7144969                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        7144969                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  98570527000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  98570527000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.096355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu2.data       761861                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       761861                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  97046807000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  97046807000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.096355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data       761861                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       761861                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186533401000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements                760836                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          903                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.378323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        16575520                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data  1022.841994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data     0.998869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186533401000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           761860                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         16575520                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.841994                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            7906829                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           235000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks       749608                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           749608                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                    6032814                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                        12504                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186533401000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                    1874016                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                           60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst     36750319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     36750319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 84939.335580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84939.335580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 82939.335580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82939.335580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.inst     36748242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       36748242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    176419000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    176419000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.inst         2077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    172265000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    172265000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         2077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst     36750319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     36750319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 84939.335580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84939.335580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 82939.335580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82939.335580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst     36748242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        36748242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    176419000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    176419000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst         2077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          2077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    172265000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    172265000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         2077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst     36750319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     36750319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 84939.335580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84939.335580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 82939.335580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82939.335580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst     36748242                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       36748242                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    176419000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    176419000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst         2077                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         2077                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    172265000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    172265000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         2077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186533401000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.replacements                  1821                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         17693.942706                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        73502715                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst   255.845976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst     0.999398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186533401000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2077                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         73502715                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.845976                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           36750319                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           120000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186533401000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186533401000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                   36750319                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                          239                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.numCycles                       186533330                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                 186533330                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads            11444324                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes           21813804                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      1259327                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 69763                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        69763                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               96543                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              51076                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      17684                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             40061479                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    40061479                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           82374583                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          36097940                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    6032791                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      7906801                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   1874010                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                18860      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 32113482     80.06%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                      27      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    34400      0.09%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                   2710      0.01%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                   1088      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                    5968      0.01%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                   10785      0.03%     80.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                   11614      0.03%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                   6254      0.02%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                   787      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 6014577     14.99%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                1862331      4.64%     99.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead              18214      0.05%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite             11679      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  40112776                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   186533401000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu3.Branches                          2148592                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   28160161                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     40090619                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.data      6029455                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6029455                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 129654.187901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129654.187901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 127654.190536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 127654.190536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.data      5270459                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        5270459                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  98407010000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  98407010000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.125881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.125881                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.data       758996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       758996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  96889020000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  96889020000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.125881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       758996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       758996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu3.data      1872982                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1872982                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 99587.458746                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99587.458746                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 97587.458746                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97587.458746                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu3.data      1870861                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1870861                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    211225000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    211225000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.001132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu3.data         2121                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2121                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    206983000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    206983000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.001132                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001132                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data         2121                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2121                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data      7902437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total      7902437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 129570.401134                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129570.401134                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 127570.403762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 127570.403762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu3.data      7141320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total         7141320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  98618235000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  98618235000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.096314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu3.data       761117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total        761117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  97096003000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  97096003000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.096314                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096314                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       761117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       761117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data      7902437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total      7902437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 129570.401134                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129570.401134                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 127570.403762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 127570.403762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu3.data      7141320                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total        7141320                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  98618235000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  98618235000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.096314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu3.data       761117                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total       761117                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  97096003000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  97096003000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.096314                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096314                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       761117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       761117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186533401000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements                760092                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          904                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.382696                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        16565990                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data  1022.819944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data     0.998848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186533401000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           761116                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         16565990                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.819944                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            7902436                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           242000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks       749062                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           749062                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                    6029455                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                        12498                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186533401000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                    1872982                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                           59                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst     36729716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     36729716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 83597.359736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83597.359736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 81597.359736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81597.359736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.inst     36727595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       36727595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    177310000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    177310000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.inst         2121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    173068000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    173068000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         2121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst     36729716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     36729716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 83597.359736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83597.359736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 81597.359736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81597.359736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst     36727595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        36727595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    177310000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    177310000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst         2121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          2121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    173068000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    173068000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         2121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst     36729716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     36729716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 83597.359736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83597.359736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 81597.359736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81597.359736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst     36727595                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       36727595                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    177310000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    177310000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst         2121                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         2121                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    173068000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    173068000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         2121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186533401000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.replacements                  1865                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         17317.169260                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        73461553                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst   255.845766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst     0.999398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186533401000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2121                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         73461553                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.845766                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           36729716                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           128000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186533401000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186533401000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                   36729716                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                          238                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.numCycles                       186533337                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                 186533337                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            11438702                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           21801662                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      1258745                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                 69763                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                        69763                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               96543                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes              51076                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      17684                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             40039322                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    40039322                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           82328916                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          36077916                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    6029432                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      7902408                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1872976                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                18860      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 32095718     80.06%     80.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                      27      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    34400      0.09%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   2710      0.01%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                   1088      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                    5968      0.01%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                   10785      0.03%     80.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                   11614      0.03%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                   6254      0.02%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                   787      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 6011218     14.99%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1861297      4.64%     99.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead              18214      0.05%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite             11679      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  40090619                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   186533401000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       676859                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       198653                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         5999                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2282529                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         5975                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2284557                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         6107                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2282325                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                 7743004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     14445056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8223168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       133440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     96651584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       132928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     96733952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       135744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     96651392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total                313107264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186533401000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           9779488000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           677112999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           199683993                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer2.occupancy             6258996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer3.occupancy          2284324227                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer3.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer4.occupancy             6231999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer5.occupancy          2286454125                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer5.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer6.occupancy             6367995                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer7.occupancy          2284152195                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer7.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                   147476160                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            6095645                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.195817                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.396828                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  4902018     80.42%     80.42% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  1193626     19.58%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                        1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::3                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::4                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::5                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::6                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::7                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::8                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total              6095645                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2577589                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      1193625                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        5160298                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          1193626                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoops                           3512936                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             2524505                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       4613910                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           1476615                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              58201                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             58201                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        2524508                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks        28145                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        28145                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data        51912                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data         2047                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu2.data         2121                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu3.data         2121                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total        58201                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 139631.910616                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 105767.236624                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 106001.109262                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 106321.487151                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 136432.061843                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 119631.910616                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 85767.236624                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 86001.109262                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 86321.487151                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116432.061843                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu0.data          180                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data          234                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu2.data          318                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu3.data          292                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total             1024                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   7223438000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    191756000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data    191120000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    194462000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   7800776000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.996533                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.885686                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.850071                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.862329                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.982406                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data        51732                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data         1813                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu2.data         1803                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu3.data         1829                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total          57177                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   6188798000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    155496000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data    155060000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    157882000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6657236000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.996533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.885686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.850071                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.862329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.982406                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        51732                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data         1813                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data         1803                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data         1829                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        57177                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data        14647                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst         2085                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data       759138                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst         2077                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.data       759740                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst         2121                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.data       758996                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      2524508                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 120613.567649                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 123408.652419                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 107551.966292                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 124747.506571                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 106772.950245                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 124602.309122                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 106710.175439                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 124756.495087                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124652.171132                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 100613.567649                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 103408.652419                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 87551.966292                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 104747.532946                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 86772.950245                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 104602.335482                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 86710.175439                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 104756.521464                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104652.197238                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.inst       220412                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data         1171                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.inst          661                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data          845                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu2.inst          650                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu2.data         1010                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu3.inst          696                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu3.data          769                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       226214                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    638287000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1663055000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    153154000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  94595161000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    152365000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  94539510000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    152062000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  94593743000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 286487337000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.023447                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.920052                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.682974                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.998887                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.687049                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.998671                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.671853                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.998987                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.910393                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.inst         5292                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data        13476                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.inst         1424                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data       758293                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.inst         1427                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.data       758730                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.inst         1425                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.data       758227                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      2298294                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    532447000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1393535000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    124674000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  79429321000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    123825000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  79364930000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    123562000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  79429223000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 240521517000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.023447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.920052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.682974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.998887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.687049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.998671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.671853                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.998987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.910393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         5292                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        13476                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1424                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       758293                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         1427                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data       758730                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         1425                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       758227                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      2298294                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      2309595                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2309595                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      2309595                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total      2309595                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data        66559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst         2085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data       761185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst         2077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data       761861                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst         2121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data       761117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         2582709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 120613.567649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 136279.183536                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 107551.966292                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 124702.234951                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 106772.950245                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 124558.211149                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 106710.175439                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 124712.133053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124938.117684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 100613.567649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 116279.183536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 87551.966292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 104702.261264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 86772.950245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 104558.237447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 86710.175439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 104712.159367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104938.143157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst         220412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data           1351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst            661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data           1079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst            650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu2.data           1328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst            696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu3.data           1061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              227238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    638287000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   8886493000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    153154000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  94786917000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    152365000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  94730630000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    152062000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  94788205000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total 294288113000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.023447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.979702                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.682974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.998582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.687049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.998257                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.671853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.998606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.912016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst         5292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data        65208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst         1424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data       760106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst         1427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu2.data       760533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst         1425                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu3.data       760056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total           2355471                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    532447000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   7582333000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    124674000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  79584817000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    123825000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  79519990000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    123562000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  79587105000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 247178753000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.023447                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.979702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.682974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.998582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.687049                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.998257                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.671853                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.998606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.912016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         5292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        65208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       760106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         1427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data       760533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         1425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       760056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2355471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data        66559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst         2085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data       761185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst         2077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data       761861                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst         2121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data       761117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total        2582709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 120613.567649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 136279.183536                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 107551.966292                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 124702.234951                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 106772.950245                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 124558.211149                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 106710.175439                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 124712.133053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124938.117684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 100613.567649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 116279.183536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 87551.966292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 104702.261264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 86772.950245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 104558.237447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 86710.175439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 104712.159367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104938.143157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst        220412                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data          1351                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst           661                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data          1079                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst           650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu2.data          1328                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst           696                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu3.data          1061                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             227238                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    638287000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   8886493000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    153154000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  94786917000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    152365000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  94730630000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    152062000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  94788205000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total 294288113000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.023447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.979702                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.682974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.998582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.687049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.998257                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.671853                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.998606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.912016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst         5292                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data        65208                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst         1424                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data       760106                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst         1427                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu2.data       760533                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst         1425                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu3.data       760056                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total          2355471                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    532447000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   7582333000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    124674000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  79584817000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    123825000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  79519990000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    123562000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  79587105000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 247178753000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.023447                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.979702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.682974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.998582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.687049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.998257                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.671853                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.998606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.912016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         5292                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        65208                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1424                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       760106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         1427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data       760533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         1425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       760056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2355471                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186533401000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.replacements                   3512936                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          884                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.459227                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses            44799408                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   687.847902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst    10.910799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data   108.992467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst     2.892560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data   338.780822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst     2.770206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data   350.697437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst     2.794964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data  2588.010542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.167932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.002664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.026609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.000706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.082710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst     0.000676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data     0.085619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst     0.000682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data     0.631839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186533401000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              3517032                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses             44799408                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             4093.697698                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                5132149                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                86000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks        2304315                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total              2304315                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       40030.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 53297.43                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   2304315.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples      5292.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples     65203.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples      1424.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples    760097.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu2.inst::samples      1427.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu2.data::samples    760515.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu3.inst::samples      1425.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu3.data::samples    760036.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      34547.43                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        808.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     808.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        2.54                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        790.61                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     790.62                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.09                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         12.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      6.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     6.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst      1815696                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst       488577                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu2.inst       489607                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu3.inst       488920                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3282801                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu0.inst           1815696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu0.data          22373001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu1.inst            488577                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu1.data         260793615                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu2.inst            489607                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu2.data         260940463                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu3.inst            488920                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu3.data         260776460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              808166340                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       790615296                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu0.inst          1815696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu0.data         22373001                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu1.inst           488577                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu1.data        260793615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu2.inst           489607                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu2.data        260940463                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu3.inst           488920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu3.data        260776460                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1598781636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       790615296                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             790615296                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples      3317381                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean      89.896496                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     80.597232                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     52.067542                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127       2489761     75.05%     75.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255       729204     21.98%     97.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        95519      2.88%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2043      0.06%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          316      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          143      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          108      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           77      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          210      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total       3317381                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM               150746816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                150750144                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     3328                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                147474880                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys             147476160                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst       338688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst        91136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu2.inst        91328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu3.inst        91200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         612352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst         338688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu0.data        4173312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst          91136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu1.data       48646720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu2.inst          91328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu2.data       48674112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu3.inst          91200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu3.data       48643520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total           150750016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks    147476160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total        147476160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst         5292                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data        65208                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst         1424                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data       760106                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.inst         1427                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.data       760533                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.inst         1425                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.data       760056                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     48983.86                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     64681.14                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst     36102.35                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data     53051.75                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.inst     35310.27                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.data     52924.60                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.inst     35266.49                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.data     53065.73                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst       338688                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data      4172992                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst        91136                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data     48646208                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.inst        91328                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.data     48672960                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.inst        91200                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.data     48642304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 1815696.267715614289                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 22371285.665884580463                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 488577.378160815337                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 260790870.370717167854                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu2.inst 489606.684435030504                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu2.data 260934287.044924467802                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu3.inst 488920.480252220412                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu3.data 260769941.143141448498                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst    259222598                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data   4217727710                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst     51409750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data  40324952260                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.inst     50387750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.data  40250904175                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.inst     50254750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.data  40332930025                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      2304315                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   1944803.40                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks    147474880                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 790608433.714238762856                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 4481439654451                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds        120399                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              6660718                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState             2187916                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds        120399                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu0.inst            5292                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu0.data           65208                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu1.inst            1424                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu1.data          760105                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu2.inst            1427                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu2.data          760533                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu3.inst            1425                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu3.data          760055                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total              2355469                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks       2304315                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total             2304315                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     28.81                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0             147879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1             147823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2             147938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3             146991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4             146078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5             146764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6             146905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7             146668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8             146336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9             150148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10            148135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11            147385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12            145939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13            146917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14            146569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15            146944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0             143463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1             144324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2             144599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3             144418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4             143899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5             144208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6             144183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7             143887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8             143583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9             144465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10            144321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11            143956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12            143625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13            143738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14            143937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15            143689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000324685500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186533401000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples       120399                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       19.563368                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      19.239009                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      16.435631                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255         120395    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total         120399                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   877487                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                   847771                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                   609118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                    21043                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                    2355471                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                2355471                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                      2355471                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                   1.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     37047                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      52                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                 11777095000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   186533343000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat             125537789018                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                   81373682768                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples       120399                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       19.138822                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      19.063900                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.684351                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             12806     10.64%     10.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              2897      2.41%     13.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             27828     23.11%     36.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19             23746     19.72%     55.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20             26770     22.23%     78.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::21             20310     16.87%     94.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::22              4089      3.40%     98.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::23              1197      0.99%     99.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::24               421      0.35%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::25               202      0.17%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::26                84      0.07%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::27                40      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::28                 7      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::29                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::30                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total         120399                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   99145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                  104317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                  113487                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                  119314                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                  123007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                  126386                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                  129189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                  131881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                  133589                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                  136508                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                  138209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                  158939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                  155130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                  143768                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                  125974                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                  121057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                  120730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                  120768                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                    1468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                     898                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                     447                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                      76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                   2304315                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6               2304315                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                     2304315                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 56.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                  1305280                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy           84226927800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy               11838134280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             708.747278                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     333384943                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF     6228560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   179971456057                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy             700886880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                6292106205                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy               8404108440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          14724315840.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy                 0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy            132205040265                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime                     0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy              6018560820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy           84215482770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy               11848008900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             708.822809                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     343136701                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF     6228560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   179961704299                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy             710524800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                6297354690                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy               8413583220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          14724315840.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy                 0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy            132219129300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime                     0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy              6009859080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      7058394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::total      7058394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                7058394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    298226112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::total    298226112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               298226112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186533401000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy         14390369346                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               7.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy        13250247978                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              7.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           2355471                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 2355471    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             2355471                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2347455                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       4702926                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            2298291                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2304315                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            43140                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             57177                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            57177                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       2298294                       # Transaction distribution

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
