
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               186042832000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 357195                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 809648                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   609972                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   438.23                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              424536100                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   156532260                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     267305618                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.186043                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                186042832000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu0.Branches                         11269226                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   49989403                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     93396407                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data     10892790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10892790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 114050.056430                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114050.056430                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 112050.056430                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112050.056430                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data     10877727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10877727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1717936000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1717936000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.001383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data        15063                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        15063                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1687810000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1687810000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.001383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        15063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data      7272774                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7272774                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 139261.149549                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 139261.149549                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 137261.149549                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137261.149549                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data      7220597                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7220597                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   7266229000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7266229000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.007174                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007174                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data        52177                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        52177                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   7161875000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7161875000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.007174                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007174                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        52177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        52177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data     18165564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18165564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 133613.399762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 133613.399762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 131613.399762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131613.399762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data     18098324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        18098324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   8984165000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8984165000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003702                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003702                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data        67240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         67240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   8849685000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8849685000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        67240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        67240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data     18165564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18165564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 133613.399762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 133613.399762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 131613.399762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131613.399762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data     18098324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       18098324                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   8984165000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8984165000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003702                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003702                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data        67240                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        67240                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   8849685000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8849685000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        67240                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        67240                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186042832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                 66216                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          764                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           270.160083                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        36398368                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data  1019.953217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.996048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186042832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            67240                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         36398368                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.953217                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           18165564                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           220000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        62727                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            62727                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10892790                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         9255                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186042832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7272774                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          902                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst     67549917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     67549917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 27560.101746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27560.101746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 25560.101746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25560.101746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst     67324258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       67324258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   6219185000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6219185000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst       225659                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       225659                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5767867000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5767867000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst       225659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       225659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst     67549917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     67549917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 27560.101746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27560.101746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 25560.101746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25560.101746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst     67324258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        67324258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   6219185000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6219185000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst       225659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        225659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5767867000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5767867000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst       225659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       225659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst     67549917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     67549917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 27560.101746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27560.101746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 25560.101746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25560.101746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst     67324258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       67324258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   6219185000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6219185000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst       225659                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       225659                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5767867000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5767867000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst       225659                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       225659                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186042832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                225406                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           299.345105                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       135325493                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   252.703113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.987122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186042832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           225659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        135325493                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          252.703113                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           67549917                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           107000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186042832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186042832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                   67549917                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          143                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.numCycles                       186042831                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                 186042831                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            57987168                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           29704893                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      9155445                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses               1222181                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                      1222181                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads             1373538                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes             922612                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     950622                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             92651404                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    92651404                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          179341574                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          74033709                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   10887114                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     18159885                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   7272771                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               166615      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 74162522     79.41%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  223337      0.24%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                       21      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                 117268      0.13%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                     374      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                     100      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                  110380      0.12%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                 455719      0.49%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                   186      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                10588040     11.34%     91.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                7083522      7.58%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead             299074      0.32%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite            189249      0.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  93396407                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   186042832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.Branches                         11271693                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   50000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     93416416                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     10895037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10895037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 114212.161890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114212.161890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 112212.161890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112212.161890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data     10880138                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10880138                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1701647000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1701647000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.001368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data        14899                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14899                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1671849000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1671849000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.001368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        14899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data      7274294                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7274294                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 138667.885377                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 138667.885377                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 136667.885377                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 136667.885377                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data      7222053                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7222053                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   7244149000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7244149000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.007182                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007182                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data        52241                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        52241                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   7139667000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7139667000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.007182                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007182                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        52241                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        52241                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data     18169331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18169331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 133240.929401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 133240.929401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 131240.929401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131240.929401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data     18102191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        18102191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   8945796000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8945796000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.003695                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003695                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data        67140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         67140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   8811516000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8811516000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.003695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        67140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        67140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data     18169331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18169331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 133240.929401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 133240.929401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 131240.929401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131240.929401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data     18102191                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       18102191                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   8945796000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8945796000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.003695                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003695                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data        67140                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        67140                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   8811516000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8811516000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.003695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        67140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        67140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186042832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                 66116                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          761                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           270.618573                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        36405802                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data  1019.976760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.996071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186042832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            67140                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         36405802                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.976760                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           18169331                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           283000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        62889                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            62889                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                   10895037                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                         9261                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186042832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                    7274294                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                          904                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst     67564204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     67564204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 27564.145961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27564.145961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 25564.145961                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25564.145961                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst     67338500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       67338500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   6221338000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6221338000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst       225704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       225704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   5769930000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5769930000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst       225704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       225704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst     67564204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     67564204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 27564.145961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27564.145961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 25564.145961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25564.145961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst     67338500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        67338500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   6221338000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6221338000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        225704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   5769930000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5769930000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst     67564204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     67564204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 27564.145961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27564.145961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 25564.145961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25564.145961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst     67338500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       67338500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   6221338000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6221338000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst       225704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       225704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   5769930000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5769930000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst       225704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       225704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186042832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                225451                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           299.348722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       135354112                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   252.702907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.987121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186042832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           225704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        135354112                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          252.702907                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           67564204                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           156000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186042832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186042832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                   67564204                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                          145                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.numCycles                       186042832                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                 186042832                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            57999789                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           29711192                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      9157455                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses               1222432                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                      1222432                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads             1373816                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes             922801                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     950822                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             92671260                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    92671260                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          179379720                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          74049566                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   10889359                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     18163650                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   7274291                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               166650      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 74178542     79.41%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                  223387      0.24%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                       21      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                 117293      0.13%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                     374      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                     100      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                  110402      0.12%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                 455811      0.49%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                   186      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                10590223     11.34%     91.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                7085002      7.58%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead             299136      0.32%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite            189289      0.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  93416416                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   186042832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu2.Branches                          2155766                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   28263551                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     40235365                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.data      6051399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6051399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 128074.373951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128074.373951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 126074.376576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126074.376576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.data      5289358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        5289358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  97597924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  97597924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.125928                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.125928                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.data       762041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       762041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  96073844000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  96073844000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.125928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data       762041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       762041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu2.data      1879734                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1879734                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 96551.915090                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96551.915090                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 94551.915090                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94551.915090                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu2.data      1877567                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1877567                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data    209228000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    209228000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.001153                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001153                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu2.data         2167                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2167                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data    204894000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    204894000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.001153                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001153                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data         2167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data      7931133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      7931133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 127984.988380                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 127984.988380                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 125984.990997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125984.990997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu2.data      7166925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         7166925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  97807152000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  97807152000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.096355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu2.data       764208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        764208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  96278738000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  96278738000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.096355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data       764208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       764208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data      7931133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      7931133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 127984.988380                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 127984.988380                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 125984.990997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125984.990997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu2.data      7166925                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        7166925                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  97807152000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  97807152000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.096355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu2.data       764208                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       764208                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  96278738000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  96278738000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.096355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data       764208                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       764208                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186042832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements                763183                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          901                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.378251                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        16626473                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data  1022.738798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data     0.998768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186042832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           764207                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         16626473                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.738798                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            7931132                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           298000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks       752141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           752141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                    6051399                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                        12532                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186042832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                    1879734                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                           56                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst     36864334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     36864334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 83467.294118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83467.294118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 81467.294118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81467.294118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.inst     36862209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       36862209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    177368000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    177368000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.inst         2125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    173118000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    173118000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         2125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst     36864334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     36864334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 83467.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83467.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 81467.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81467.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst     36862209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        36862209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    177368000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    177368000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst         2125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          2125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    173118000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    173118000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         2125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst     36864334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     36864334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 83467.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83467.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 81467.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81467.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst     36862209                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       36862209                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    177368000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    177368000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst         2125                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         2125                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    173118000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    173118000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         2125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186042832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.replacements                  1869                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         17347.921882                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        73730793                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst   255.808358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst     0.999251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186042832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2125                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         73730793                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.808358                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           36864334                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           171000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186042832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186042832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                   36864334                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                          232                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.numCycles                       186042750                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                 186042750                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads            11475416                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes           21880998                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      1262543                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 69763                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        69763                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               96543                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              51076                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      17684                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             40184068                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    40184068                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           82627270                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          36208736                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    6051376                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      7931104                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   1879728                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                18860      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 32211768     80.06%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                      27      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    34400      0.09%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                   2710      0.01%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                   1088      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                    5968      0.01%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                   10785      0.03%     80.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                   11614      0.03%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                   6254      0.02%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                   787      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 6033162     14.99%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                1868049      4.64%     99.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead              18214      0.05%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite             11679      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  40235365                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   186042832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu3.Branches                          2156861                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   28279306                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     40257430                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.data      6054744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6054744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 127946.686147                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127946.686147                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 125946.688770                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125946.688770                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.data      5292278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        5292278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  97554998000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  97554998000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.125929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.125929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.data       762466                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       762466                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  96030068000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  96030068000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.125929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       762466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       762466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu3.data      1880764                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1880764                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 101176.153091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101176.153091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 99176.153091                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99176.153091                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu3.data      1878726                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1878726                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    206197000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    206197000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.001084                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001084                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu3.data         2038                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2038                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    202121000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    202121000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.001084                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001084                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data         2038                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2038                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data      7935508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total      7935508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 127875.321777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 127875.321777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 125875.324393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125875.324393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu3.data      7171004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total         7171004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  97761195000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  97761195000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.096340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu3.data       764504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total        764504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  96232189000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  96232189000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.096340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       764504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       764504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data      7935508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total      7935508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 127875.321777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 127875.321777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 125875.324393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125875.324393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu3.data      7171004                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total        7171004                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  97761195000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  97761195000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.096340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu3.data       764504                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total       764504                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  96232189000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  96232189000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.096340                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096340                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       764504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       764504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186042832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements                763479                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          901                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.379955                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        16635519                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data  1022.736335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data     0.998766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186042832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           764503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         16635519                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.736335                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            7935507                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           290000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks       752432                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           752432                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                    6054744                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                        12542                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186042832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                    1880764                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                           56                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst     36884849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     36884849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 82298.204159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82298.204159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 80298.204159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80298.204159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.inst     36882733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       36882733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    174143000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    174143000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.inst         2116                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2116                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    169911000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    169911000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         2116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst     36884849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     36884849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 82298.204159                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82298.204159                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 80298.204159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80298.204159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst     36882733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        36882733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    174143000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    174143000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst         2116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          2116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    169911000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    169911000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         2116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst     36884849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     36884849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 82298.204159                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82298.204159                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 80298.204159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80298.204159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst     36882733                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       36882733                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    174143000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    174143000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst         2116                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         2116                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    169911000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    169911000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         2116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186042832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.replacements                  1860                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         17431.403119                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        73771814                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst   255.808779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst     0.999253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186042832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2116                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         73771814                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.808779                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           36884849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           163000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186042832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186042832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                   36884849                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                          232                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.numCycles                       186042774                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                 186042774                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            11481016                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           21893088                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      1263123                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                 69763                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                        69763                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               96543                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes              51076                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      17684                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             40206133                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    40206133                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           82672745                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          36228676                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    6054721                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      7935479                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1880758                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                18860      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 32229458     80.06%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                      27      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    34400      0.09%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   2710      0.01%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                   1088      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                    5968      0.01%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                   10785      0.03%     80.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                   11614      0.03%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                   6254      0.02%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                   787      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 6036507     14.99%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1869079      4.64%     99.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead              18214      0.05%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite             11679      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  40257430                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   186042832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       676724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       200696                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       676859                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       200396                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         6119                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2291598                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         6092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2292486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                 6350970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     14442176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8317888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     14445056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8321856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       136000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     97046272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       135424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     97083840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total                239928512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186042832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           7492654000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           676980996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           201796923                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer2.occupancy           677118993                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer3.occupancy           201491928                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer3.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer4.occupancy             6377997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer5.occupancy          2294260359                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer5.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer6.occupancy             6350997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer7.occupancy          2295163344                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer7.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                   103860416                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            4920992                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.237070                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.425286                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  3754373     76.29%     76.29% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  1166619     23.71%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::3                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::4                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::5                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::6                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::7                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::8                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total              4920992                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            2                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2113580                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      1166617                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        4232276                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          1166617                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoops                           2802296                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             2010071                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       3253008                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           1662868                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             108623                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            108623                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        2010073                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks        22913                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        22913                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data        52177                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data        52241                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu2.data         2167                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu3.data         2038                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       108623                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 135206.398608                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 134743.118379                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 103587.250135                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 106006.659267                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133945.031041                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 115206.398608                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 114743.118379                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 83587.250135                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 86006.659267                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113945.031041                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu0.data          447                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data          509                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu2.data          316                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu3.data          236                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total             1508                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   6994227000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   6970531000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data    191740000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    191024000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  14347522000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.991433                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.990257                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.854176                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.884200                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.986117                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data        51730                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data        51732                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu2.data         1851                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu3.data         1802                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total         107115                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   5959627000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   5935891000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data    154720000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    154984000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12205222000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.991433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.990257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.854176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.884200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        51730                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        51732                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data         1851                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data         1802                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       107115                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst       225659                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data        15063                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst       225704                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data        14899                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst         2125                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.data       762041                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst         2116                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.data       762466                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      2010073                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 118658.170490                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 120348.748314                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 119323.755334                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 120265.961466                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 107288.339223                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 123196.314287                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 105765.124555                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 123065.226355                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123033.885107                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 98658.170490                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 100348.748314                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 99323.755334                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 100265.961466                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 87288.339223                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 103196.340565                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 85765.124555                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 103065.252617                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103033.910763                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.inst       222128                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data         1721                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.inst       222189                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data         1664                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu2.inst          710                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu2.data          940                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu3.inst          711                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu3.data          918                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       450981                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    418982000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1605693000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    419423000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1591720000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    151813000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  93764838000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    148600000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  93720077000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 191821146000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.015648                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.885747                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.015573                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.888315                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.665882                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.998766                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.663989                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.998796                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.775639                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.inst         3531                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data        13342                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.inst         3515                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data        13235                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.inst         1415                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.data       761101                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.inst         1405                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.data       761548                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      1559092                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    348362000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1338853000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    349123000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1327020000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    123513000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  78542838000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    120500000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  78489137000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 160639346000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.015648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.885747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.015573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.888315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.665882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.998766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.663989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.998796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.775639                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         3531                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        13342                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         3515                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        13235                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         1415                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data       761101                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         1405                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       761548                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      1559092                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1630189                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1630189                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1630189                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1630189                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst       225659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data        67240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data        67140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst         2125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data       764208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst         2116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data       764504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         2118696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 118658.170490                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 132160.068847                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 119323.755334                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 131793.849185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 107288.339223                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 123148.740681                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 105765.124555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 123024.957097                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123735.327003                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 98658.170490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 112160.068847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 99323.755334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 111793.849185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 87288.339223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 103148.766895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 85765.124555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 103024.983297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103735.351010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst         222128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data           2168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst         222189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data           2173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst            710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu2.data           1256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst            711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu3.data           1154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              452489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    418982000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   8599920000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    419423000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   8562251000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    151813000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  93956578000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    148600000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  93911101000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total 206168668000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.015648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.967757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.015573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.967635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.665882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.998356                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.663989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.998491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.786430                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst         3531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data        65072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst         3515                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data        64967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst         1415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu2.data       762952                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst         1405                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu3.data       763350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total           1666207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    348362000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   7298480000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    349123000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   7262911000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    123513000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  78697558000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    120500000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  78644121000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 172844568000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.015648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.967757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.015573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.967635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.665882                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.998356                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.663989                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.998491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.786430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         3531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        65072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         3515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        64967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         1415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data       762952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         1405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       763350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1666207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst       225659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data        67240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst       225704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data        67140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst         2125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data       764208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst         2116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data       764504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total        2118696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 118658.170490                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 132160.068847                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 119323.755334                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 131793.849185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 107288.339223                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 123148.740681                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 105765.124555                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 123024.957097                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123735.327003                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 98658.170490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 112160.068847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 99323.755334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 111793.849185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 87288.339223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 103148.766895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 85765.124555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 103024.983297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103735.351010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst        222128                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data          2168                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst        222189                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data          2173                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst           710                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu2.data          1256                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst           711                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu3.data          1154                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             452489                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    418982000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   8599920000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    419423000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   8562251000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    151813000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  93956578000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    148600000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  93911101000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total 206168668000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.015648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.967757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.015573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.967635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.665882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.998356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.663989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.998491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.786430                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst         3531                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data        65072                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst         3515                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data        64967                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst         1415                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu2.data       762952                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst         1405                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu3.data       763350                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total          1666207                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    348362000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   7298480000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    349123000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   7262911000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    123513000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  78697558000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    120500000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  78644121000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 172844568000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.015648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.967757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.015573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.967635                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.665882                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.998356                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.663989                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.998491                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.786430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         3531                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        65072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         3515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        64967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         1415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data       762952                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         1405                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       763350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1666207                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186042832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.replacements                   2802296                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          503                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3538                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.499918                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses            36664584                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks  1553.237945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst    11.676638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data   141.135868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst    11.698280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data   138.914247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst     3.432073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data   803.632692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst     3.460539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data  1426.350395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.379208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.002851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.034457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.002856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.033915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst     0.000838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data     0.196199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst     0.000845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data     0.348230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186042832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              2806392                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses             36664584                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             4093.538676                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                4209359                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                86000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks        1622819                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total              1622819                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       56564.70                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 52076.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   1622819.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples      3531.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples     65062.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples      3515.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples     64961.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu2.inst::samples      1415.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu2.data::samples    762935.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu3.inst::samples      1405.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu3.data::samples    763343.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      33326.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        573.17                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     573.19                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.85                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        558.25                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     558.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst      1214688                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst      1209184                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu2.inst       486770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu3.inst       483330                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           3393971                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu0.inst           1214688                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu0.data          22385211                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu1.inst           1209184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu1.data          22349090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu2.inst            486770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu2.data         262460679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu3.inst            483330                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu3.data         262597250                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              573186200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       558260777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu0.inst          1214688                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu0.data         22385211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu1.inst          1209184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu1.data         22349090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu2.inst           486770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu2.data        262460679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu3.inst           483330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu3.data        262597250                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1131446978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       558260777                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             558260777                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples      2200613                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean      95.652271                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     82.456737                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     65.797753                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127       1686501     76.64%     76.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255       337646     15.34%     91.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383       170496      7.75%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5200      0.24%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          362      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          113      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           83      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           60      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          152      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total       2200613                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM               106634688                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                106637248                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     2560                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                103859264                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys             103860416                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst       225984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst       224960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu2.inst        90560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu3.inst        89920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         631424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst         225984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu0.data        4164608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst         224960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu1.data        4157888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu2.inst          90560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu2.data       48828928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu3.inst          89920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu3.data       48854336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total           106637184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks    103860416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total        103860416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst         3531                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data        65072                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst         3515                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data        64967                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.inst         1415                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.data       762952                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.inst         1405                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.data       763350                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     47059.64                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     60573.61                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst     47728.62                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data     60202.82                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.inst     35869.79                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.data     51480.98                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.inst     34316.55                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.data     51358.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst       225984                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data      4163968                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst       224960                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data      4157504                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.inst        90560                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.data     48827840                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.inst        89920                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.data     48853952                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 1214688.024099740665                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 22381770.666660245508                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 1209183.915239475667                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 22347025.979479823261                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu2.inst 486769.627329689334                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu2.data 262454830.831644207239                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu3.inst 483329.559292023710                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu3.data 262595185.607580959797                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst    166167590                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data   3941646144                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst    167766088                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data   3911196821                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.inst     50755752                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.data  39277516382                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.inst     48214754                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.data  39204639990                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      1622819                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2746028.87                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks    103859264                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 558254585.159185290337                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 4456307828139                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         88423                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              4856604                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState             1537860                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         88423                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu0.inst            3531                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu0.data           65072                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu1.inst            3515                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu1.data           64967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu2.inst            1415                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu2.data          762952                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu3.inst            1405                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu3.data          763349                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total              1666206                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks       1622819                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total             1622819                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     33.09                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0             104012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1             102629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2             103666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3             103639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4             108003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5             105266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6             103628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7             103636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8             102719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9             105341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10            103862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11            104122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12            103533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13            104660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14            104374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15            103077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0             101148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1             101062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2             102022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3             101629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4             101327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5             101305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6             101372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7             101328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8             101089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9             101336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10            101738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11            101612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12            101665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13            101318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14            101522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15            101328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000253567250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186042832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        88423                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       18.843073                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      18.551785                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      19.139511                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          88421    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          88423                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   897539                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                   722786                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                    41309                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                     4533                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                    1666207                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                1666207                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                      1666207                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                   2.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     45960                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  8330835000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   186042774000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              86767903521                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                   55527272271                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        88423                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       18.352702                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      18.310781                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.236482                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             11150     12.61%     12.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              1972      2.23%     14.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             35555     40.21%     55.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19             28330     32.04%     87.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20              8559      9.68%     96.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::21              1863      2.11%     98.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::22               685      0.77%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::23               206      0.23%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::24                78      0.09%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::25                18      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::26                 5      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::27                 2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          88423                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   73783                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   76731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   84127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   88426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   90310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   91560                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   91581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   92199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   92917                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   92478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   93608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                  102661                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   95109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   97976                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   92299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   88781                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   88635                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   88674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                     726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                     187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                      28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                   1622819                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6               1622819                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                     1622819                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 64.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                  1042391                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy           83241115650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy                7865216940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             653.116538                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     463813940                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF     6212180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   179366838060                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy            1342666080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                4180450560                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy               5958180060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          14685593520.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy                 0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy            121507650270                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime                     0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy              4234427460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy           83175290340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy                7847188440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             652.816831                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     542144897                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF     6212180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   179288507103                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy            1398097920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                4170875775                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy               5938252320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          14685593520.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy                 0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy            121451892075                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime                     0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy              4236593760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4991004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::total      4991004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                4991004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    210497536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::total    210497536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               210497536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186042832000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy         10506077307                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               5.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         9397878405                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1666207                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1666207    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1666207                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1658592                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       3324799                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1559090                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1622819                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            35773                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            107115                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           107115                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       1559092                       # Transaction distribution

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
