
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               1742469679000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 260587                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 885508                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   431135                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                  1429.36                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1219053157                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   372473344                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     616249120                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  1.742470                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1742469679000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu0.Branches                          1225834                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5971651                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11042729                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data      2755582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2755582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 110883.317189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110883.317189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 108883.317189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108883.317189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data      2742161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2742161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1488165000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1488165000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.004870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data        13421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1461323000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1461323000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.004870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        13421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data       864634                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       864634                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 69739.420875                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69739.420875                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 67739.420875                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67739.420875                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data       827958                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        827958                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   2557763000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2557763000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.042418                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.042418                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data        36676                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        36676                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   2484411000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2484411000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.042418                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042418                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        36676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        36676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data      3620216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3620216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 80761.881949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80761.881949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 78761.881949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78761.881949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data      3570119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         3570119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   4045928000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4045928000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.013838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data        50097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         50097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   3945734000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3945734000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.013838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        50097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data      3620216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3620216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 80761.881949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80761.881949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 78761.881949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78761.881949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data      3570119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        3570119                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   4045928000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4045928000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.013838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data        50097                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        50097                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   3945734000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3945734000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.013838                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013838                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        50097                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50097                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1742469679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                 49073                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            72.264128                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7290529                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data  1023.872047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.999875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1742469679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            50097                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7290529                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1023.872047                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            3620216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           218000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        37094                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            37094                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    2755582                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          896                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1742469679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     864634                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                           92                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst      7637575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7637575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 88279.495525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88279.495525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 86279.495525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86279.495525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst      7635117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        7635117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    216991000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    216991000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst         2458                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2458                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    212075000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    212075000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         2458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst      7637575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      7637575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 88279.495525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88279.495525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 86279.495525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86279.495525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst      7635117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         7635117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    216991000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    216991000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst         2458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    212075000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    212075000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         2458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst      7637575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      7637575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 88279.495525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88279.495525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 86279.495525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86279.495525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst      7635117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        7635117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    216991000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    216991000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst         2458                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2458                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    212075000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    212075000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         2458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1742469679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                  2202                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          3107.231489                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        15277608                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   255.979634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.999920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1742469679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2458                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         15277608                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.979634                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            7637575                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           107000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.984692                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1742469679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1742469679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    7637575                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          284                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.015308                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.numCycles                        26673338                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              408309.521042                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             4749339                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            3541090                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       795867                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                 73417                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                        73417                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads              100729                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              53576                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      18274                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              26265028.478958                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             10989573                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    10989573                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           22870723                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           8959437                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    2755555                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      3620179                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    864624                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                19405      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  7326923     66.35%     66.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     415      0.00%     66.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    34769      0.31%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   2884      0.03%     66.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                   1344      0.01%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                    6146      0.06%     66.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                   11116      0.10%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                   12010      0.11%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                   6520      0.06%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                  1018      0.01%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 2736247     24.78%     92.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 852271      7.72%     99.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead              19308      0.17%     99.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite             12353      0.11%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  11042729                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   1742469679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   59                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.Branches                          1225834                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    5971651                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     11042729                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data      2755582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2755582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 111390.360912                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111390.360912                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 109390.360912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109390.360912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data      2742033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2742033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1509228000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1509228000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.004917                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004917                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data        13549                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13549                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1482130000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1482130000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.004917                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004917                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        13549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data       864634                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       864634                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 72252.749052                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72252.749052                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 70252.749052                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70252.749052                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data       827985                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        827985                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   2647991000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2647991000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.042387                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.042387                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data        36649                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        36649                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   2574693000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2574693000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.042387                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042387                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        36649                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        36649                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data      3620216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3620216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 82816.426949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82816.426949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 80816.426949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80816.426949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data      3570018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         3570018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   4157219000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4157219000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.013866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data        50198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         50198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   4056823000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4056823000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.013866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        50198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data      3620216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3620216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 82816.426949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82816.426949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 80816.426949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80816.426949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data      3570018                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        3570018                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   4157219000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4157219000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.013866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data        50198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        50198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   4056823000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4056823000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.013866                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013866                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        50198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1742469679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                 49174                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            72.118730                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7290630                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data  1023.869618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.999873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1742469679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            50198                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7290630                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1023.869618                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            3620216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           225000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        37027                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            37027                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                    2755582                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                          899                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1742469679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                     864634                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                           89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst      7637575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7637575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 87758.097581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87758.097581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 85758.097581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85758.097581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst      7635136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        7635136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    214042000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    214042000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst         2439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    209164000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    209164000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         2439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst      7637575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      7637575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 87758.097581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87758.097581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 85758.097581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85758.097581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst      7635136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         7635136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    214042000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    214042000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst         2439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          2439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    209164000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    209164000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         2439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst      7637575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      7637575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 87758.097581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87758.097581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 85758.097581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85758.097581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst      7635136                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        7635136                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    214042000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    214042000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst         2439                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         2439                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    209164000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    209164000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         2439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1742469679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                  2183                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          3131.437064                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        15277589                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   255.983515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.999936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1742469679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2439                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         15277589                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.983515                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            7637575                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           114000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.984630                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1742469679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1742469679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                    7637575                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                          286                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.015370                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.numCycles                        26781516                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              411628.166563                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             4749339                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            3541090                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       795867                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                 73417                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                        73417                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads              100729                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              53576                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                      18274                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              26369887.833437                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             10989573                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    10989573                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           22870723                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           8959437                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    2755555                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      3620179                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    864624                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                19405      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  7326923     66.35%     66.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                     415      0.00%     66.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    34769      0.31%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   2884      0.03%     66.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                   1344      0.01%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                    6146      0.06%     66.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                   11116      0.10%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                   12010      0.11%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                   6520      0.06%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                  1018      0.01%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 2736247     24.78%     92.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 852271      7.72%     99.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead              19308      0.17%     99.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite             12353      0.11%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  11042729                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   1742469679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.workload.numSyscalls                   59                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu2.Branches                         21306387                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  180265021                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                    297081831                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.data     52908244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     52908244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 109380.637780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109380.637780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 107380.637780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107380.637780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.data     42410605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       42410605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 1148238449000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1148238449000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.198412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.198412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.data     10497639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     10497639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 1127243171000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1127243171000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.198412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.198412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data     10497639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     10497639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu2.data     21137204                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     21137204                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 99751.079137                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99751.079137                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 97751.079137                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97751.079137                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu2.data     21135119                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      21135119                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data    207981000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    207981000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.000099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu2.data         2085                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2085                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data    203811000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    203811000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.000099                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000099                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data         2085                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2085                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data     74045448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     74045448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 109378.725574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109378.725574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 107378.725574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107378.725574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu2.data     63545724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        63545724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 1148446430000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1148446430000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.141801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.141801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu2.data     10499724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total      10499724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 1127446982000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1127446982000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.141801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.141801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data     10499724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     10499724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data     74045448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     74045448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 109378.725574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109378.725574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 107378.725574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107378.725574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu2.data     63545724                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       63545724                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 1148446430000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1148446430000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.141801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.141801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu2.data     10499724                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total     10499724                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 1127446982000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1127446982000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.141801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.141801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data     10499724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     10499724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1742469679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements              10498700                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          358                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          665                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs             7.052133                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       158590620                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data  1023.874842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data     0.999878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1742469679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         10499724                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        158590620                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1023.874842                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           74045448                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           233000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks     10487567                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total         10487567                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                   52908244                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                       164722                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1742469679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                   21137204                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                           63                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst    233364223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    233364223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 87385.135135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87385.135135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 85385.135135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85385.135135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.inst    233362003                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      233362003                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    193995000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    193995000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.inst         2220                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2220                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    189555000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    189555000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         2220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst    233364223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total    233364223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 87385.135135                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87385.135135                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 85385.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85385.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst    233362003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total       233362003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    193995000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    193995000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst         2220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          2220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    189555000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    189555000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         2220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst    233364223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total    233364223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 87385.135135                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87385.135135                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 85385.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85385.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst    233362003                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total      233362003                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    193995000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    193995000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst         2220                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         2220                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    189555000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    189555000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         2220                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2220                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1742469679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.replacements                  1964                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         105119.019369                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       466730666                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst   255.983592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst     0.999936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1742469679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        466730666                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.983592                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs          233364223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           122000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.000008                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1742469679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1742469679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                  233364223                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                          263                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.999992                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.numCycles                      1742455841                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              1742442003.108896                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads            75557454                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes           85618838                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts     10784683                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 70542                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        70542                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               97305                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              51557                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      17866                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              13837.891104                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses            297030230                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                   297030230                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads          615040264                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         254646690                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                   52908222                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     74045420                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  21137198                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                18952      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                222943412     75.04%     75.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                      27      0.00%     75.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    34463      0.01%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                   2762      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                   1168      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                    5992      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                   10832      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                   11662      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                   6326      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                   815      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                52889778     17.80%     92.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               21125331      7.11%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead              18444      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite             11867      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                 297081831                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   1742469679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.workload.numSyscalls                   57                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu3.Branches                         21306387                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  180265021                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                    297081831                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.data     52908244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     52908244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 109381.649927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109381.649927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 107381.649927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107381.649927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.data     42410629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       42410629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 1148246449000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1148246449000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.198412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.198412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.data     10497615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     10497615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 1127251219000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1127251219000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.198412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.198412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data     10497615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     10497615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu3.data     21137204                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     21137204                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 101066.131318                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101066.131318                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 99066.131318                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99066.131318                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu3.data     21135087                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      21135087                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    213957000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    213957000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.000100                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000100                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu3.data         2117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    209723000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    209723000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.000100                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000100                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data         2117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data     74045448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     74045448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 109379.973317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109379.973317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 107379.973317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107379.973317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu3.data     63545716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        63545716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 1148460406000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1148460406000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.141801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.141801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu3.data     10499732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total      10499732                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 1127460942000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1127460942000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.141801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.141801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data     10499732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     10499732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data     74045448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     74045448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 109379.973317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109379.973317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 107379.973317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107379.973317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu3.data     63545716                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       63545716                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 1148460406000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1148460406000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.141801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.141801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu3.data     10499732                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total     10499732                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 1127460942000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1127460942000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.141801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.141801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data     10499732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     10499732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1742469679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements              10498708                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          594                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs             7.052127                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses       158590628                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data  1023.866077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data     0.999869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1742469679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         10499732                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        158590628                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1023.866077                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs           74045448                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           240000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks     10487586                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total         10487586                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                   52908244                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                       164721                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1742469679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                   21137204                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                           62                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst    233364223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    233364223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 87291.760468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87291.760468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 85291.760468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85291.760468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.inst    233362002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      233362002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    193875000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    193875000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.inst         2221                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2221                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    189433000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    189433000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         2221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst    233364223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total    233364223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 87291.760468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87291.760468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 85291.760468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85291.760468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst    233362002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total       233362002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    193875000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    193875000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst         2221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          2221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    189433000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    189433000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         2221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst    233364223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total    233364223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 87291.760468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87291.760468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 85291.760468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85291.760468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst    233362002                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total      233362002                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    193875000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    193875000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst         2221                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         2221                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    189433000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    189433000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         2221                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2221                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1742469679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.replacements                  1965                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         105071.689779                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses       466730667                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst   255.979691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst     0.999921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1742469679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2221                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses        466730667                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.979691                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs          233364223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           129000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1742469679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1742469679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                  233364223                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                          267                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.numCycles                      1742469679                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              1742469678.999000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            75557454                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           85618838                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     10784683                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                 70542                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                        70542                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               97305                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes              51557                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      17866                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                  0.001000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses            297030230                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                   297030230                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads          615040264                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         254646690                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                   52908222                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                     74045420                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  21137198                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                18952      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                222943412     75.04%     75.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                      27      0.00%     75.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    34463      0.01%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   2762      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                   1168      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                    5992      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                   10832      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                   11662      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                   6326      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                   815      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                52889778     17.80%     92.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               21125331      7.11%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead              18444      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite             11867      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                 297081831                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   1742469679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.workload.numSyscalls                   57                       # Number of system calls
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         7118                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       149267                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         7061                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       149570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         6404                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     31498148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         6407                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     31498172                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                63322147                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       157312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5580224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       156096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5582400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       142080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side   1343186624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       142144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side   1343188352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total               2698135232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1742469679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          84311606000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             7374999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           150326964                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer2.occupancy             7318998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer3.occupancy           150638955                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer4.occupancy             6660000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer5.occupancy         31499434737                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer5.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer6.occupancy             6663999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer7.occupancy         31499438757                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer7.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                  1344625408                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           63119300                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.332446                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.471090                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 42135570     66.76%     66.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 20983730     33.24%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::3                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::4                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::5                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::6                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::7                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::8                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total             63119300                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     21103969                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops     20983730                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       42213058                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         20983730                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoops                          42010211                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            21031562                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      42059046                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          21055134                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              77527                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             77527                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       21031562                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks        32512                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        32512                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data        36676                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data        36649                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu2.data         2085                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu3.data         2117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total        77527                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 109950.871544                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 109833.062274                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 105013.661202                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 105926.242651                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109489.552678                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 89950.871544                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 89833.062274                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 85013.661202                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 85926.242651                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89489.552678                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu0.data        18662                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data        17588                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu2.data          255                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu3.data          246                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total            36751                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1980655000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   2093528000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data    192175000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    198188000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   4464546000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.491166                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.520096                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.877698                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.883798                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.525959                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data        18014                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data        19061                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu2.data         1830                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu3.data         1871                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total          40776                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1620375000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1712308000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data    155575000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    160768000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3649026000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.491166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.520096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.877698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.883798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.525959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        18014                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        19061                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data         1830                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data         1871                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        40776                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst         2458                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data        13421                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst         2439                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data        13549                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst         2220                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.data     10497639                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst         2221                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.data     10497615                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     21031562                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 108855.912744                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 111631.206238                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 108295.072464                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 112027.384325                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 107899.872449                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 104387.063074                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 107968.051118                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 104387.972710                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104397.684676                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 88855.912744                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 91631.206238                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 88295.072464                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 92027.384325                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 87899.872449                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 84387.063074                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 87968.051118                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 84387.972710                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84397.684676                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.inst          716                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data          853                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.inst          714                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data          841                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu2.inst          652                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu2.data          833                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu3.inst          656                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu3.data          820                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         6085                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    189627000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1402981000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    186809000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1423644000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    169187000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 1095730750000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    168970000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 1095739150000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 2195011118000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.708706                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.936443                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.707257                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.937929                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.706306                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.999921                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.704638                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999711                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.inst         1742                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data        12568                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.inst         1725                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data        12708                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.inst         1568                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.data     10496806                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.inst         1565                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.data     10496795                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     21025477                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    154787000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1151621000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    152309000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1169484000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    137827000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 885794630000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    137670000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 885803250000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1774501578000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.708706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.936443                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.707257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.937929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.706306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.999921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.704638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999711                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         1742                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        12568                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1725                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        12708                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         1568                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data     10496806                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         1565                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data     10496795                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     21025477                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks     21049274                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     21049274                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks     21049274                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total     21049274                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst         2458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data        50097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst         2439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data        50198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst         2220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data     10499724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst         2221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data     10499732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total        21109089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 108855.912744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 110641.423059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 108295.072464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 110710.818723                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 107899.872449                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 104387.172296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 107968.051118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 104388.246850                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104407.540534                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 88855.912744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 90641.423059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 88295.072464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 90710.818723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 87899.872449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 84387.172296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 87968.051118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 84388.246850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84407.540534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst            716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data          19515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst            714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data          18429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst            652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu2.data           1088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst            656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu3.data           1066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               42836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    189627000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   3383636000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    186809000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   3517172000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    169187000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 1095922925000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    168970000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 1095937338000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total 2199475664000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.708706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.610456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.707257                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.632874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.706306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.999896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.704638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.999898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.997971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst         1742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data        30582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst         1725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data        31769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst         1568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu2.data     10498636                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst         1565                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu3.data     10498666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total          21066253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    154787000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   2771996000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    152309000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   2881792000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    137827000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 885950205000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    137670000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 885964018000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1778150604000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.708706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.610456                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.707257                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.632874                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.706306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.999896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.704638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.999898                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         1742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        30582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        31769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         1568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data     10498636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         1565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data     10498666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     21066253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst         2458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data        50097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst         2439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data        50198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst         2220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data     10499724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst         2221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data     10499732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       21109089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 108855.912744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 110641.423059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 108295.072464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 110710.818723                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 107899.872449                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 104387.172296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 107968.051118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 104388.246850                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104407.540534                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 88855.912744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 90641.423059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 88295.072464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 90710.818723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 87899.872449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 84387.172296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 87968.051118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 84388.246850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84407.540534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst           716                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data         19515                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst           714                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data         18429                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst           652                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu2.data          1088                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst           656                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu3.data          1066                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              42836                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    189627000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   3383636000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    186809000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   3517172000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    169187000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 1095922925000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    168970000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 1095937338000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total 2199475664000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.708706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.610456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.707257                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.632874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.706306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.999896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.704638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.999898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.997971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst         1742                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data        30582                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst         1725                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data        31769                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst         1568                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu2.data     10498636                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst         1565                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu3.data     10498666                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total         21066253                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    154787000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   2771996000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    152309000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   2881792000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    137827000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 885950205000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    137670000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 885964018000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1778150604000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.708706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.610456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.707257                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.632874                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.706306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.999896                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.704638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.999898                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         1742                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        30582                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        31769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         1568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data     10498636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         1565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data     10498666                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     21066253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1742469679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.replacements                  42010211                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1573                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2452                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.003957                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses           379718771                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks  2032.824470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst     0.272796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data     5.398955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst     0.266972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data     5.314279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst     0.241992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data  1024.941561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst     0.231693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data  1026.254064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.496295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.000067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.001318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.000065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.001297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst     0.000059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data     0.250230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst     0.000057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data     0.250550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1742469679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs             42014307                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses            379718771                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             4095.746783                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs               42180546                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                86000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks       21009772                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total             21009772                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       41412.41                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 33118.53                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples  21009772.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples      1742.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples     30513.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples      1725.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples     31649.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu2.inst::samples      1568.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu2.data::samples  10498620.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu3.inst::samples      1565.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu3.data::samples  10498642.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      14368.53                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        773.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     773.75                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.54                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        771.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     771.68                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         12.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      6.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     6.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        63983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst        63358                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu2.inst        57592                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu3.inst        57482                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            242415                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu0.inst             63983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu0.data           1123261                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu1.inst             63358                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu1.data           1166859                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu2.inst             57592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu2.data         385609410                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu3.inst             57482                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu3.data         385610511                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              773752455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       771677937                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu0.inst            63983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu0.data          1123261                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu1.inst            63358                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu1.data          1166859                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu2.inst            57592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu2.data        385609410                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu3.inst            57482                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu3.data        385610511                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1545430393                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       771677937                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             771677937                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples      4094325                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     657.702880                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    481.728902                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    372.782016                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127        470268     11.49%     11.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255       411821     10.06%     21.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383       213964      5.23%     26.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511       217405      5.31%     32.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       587375     14.35%     46.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767       168402      4.11%     50.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895       169540      4.14%     54.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023       149575      3.65%     58.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151      1705975     41.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total       4094325                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM              1348225536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys               1348240192                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    14656                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten               1344623872                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys            1344625408                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst       111488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst       110400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu2.inst       100352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu3.inst       100160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         422400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst         111488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu0.data        1957248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst         110400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu1.data        2033216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu2.inst         100352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu2.data      671912704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu3.inst         100160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu3.data      671914624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total          1348240192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks   1344625408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total       1344625408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst         1742                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data        30582                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst         1725                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data        31769                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.inst         1568                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.data     10498636                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.inst         1565                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.data     10498666                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     37376.59                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     39078.88                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst     36836.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data     39172.01                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.inst     36443.40                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.data     33098.21                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.inst     36530.35                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.data     33100.12                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst       111488                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data      1952832                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst       110400                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data      2025536                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.inst       100352                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.data    671911680                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.inst       100160                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.data    671913088                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 63982.748935971584                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 1120726.531735534314                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 63358.347826952340                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 1162451.217608820181                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu2.inst 57591.819937774650                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu2.data 385608821.833622276783                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu3.inst 57481.631506771257                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu3.data 385609629.882116317749                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst     65110017                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data   1195110438                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst     63542261                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data   1244455506                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.inst     57143257                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.data 347486078145                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.inst     57170002                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.data 347507125875                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks     21009772                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2031457.32                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks   1344623872                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 771677055.965574741364                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 42680455114876                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds       1274086                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState             60957118                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState            19792373                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds       1274086                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu0.inst            1742                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu0.data           30582                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu1.inst            1725                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu1.data           31769                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu2.inst            1568                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu2.data        10498636                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu3.inst            1565                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu3.data        10498666                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total             21066253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks      21009772                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total            21009772                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0            1316430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1            1315492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2            1315914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3            1315649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4            1318108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5            1315125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6            1318773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7            1316978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8            1317601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9            1315154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10           1318360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11           1316478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12           1317875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13           1314977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14           1317576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15           1315534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0            1312709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1            1311751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2            1312967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3            1312249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4            1314738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5            1311610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6            1315434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7            1313252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8            1313774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9            1311787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10           1314867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11           1313363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12           1313885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13           1311509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14           1313771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15           1312082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000510104250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1742469679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples      1274086                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.534212                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.480802                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       5.583952                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        1274061    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           22      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total        1274086                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                 15260654                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                  5791907                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                    11769                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                     1694                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                   21066253                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6               21066253                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                     21066253                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  89.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                  18773409                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     229                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                105330120000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   1742469649000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat             697675735501                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                  302687785501                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples      1274086                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.490055                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.468953                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.853948                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16            928398     72.87%     72.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17             87075      6.83%     79.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18            244752     19.21%     98.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19              7928      0.62%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20              5729      0.45%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::21               158      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::22                26      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::23                15      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::24                 3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::25                 2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total        1274086                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                  255262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                  296079                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                 1273206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                 1274440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                 1277614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                 1274642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                 1274836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                 1285702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                 1274755                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                 1274839                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                 1285281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                 1275015                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                 1274897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                 1280544                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                 1274912                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                 1288164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                 1295395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                 1274091                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                      64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                      16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                  21009772                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6              21009772                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                    21009772                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                 19208037                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy          735929270880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy               14726821200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             617.197251                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  109552269590                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF    58184880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1574732529410                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy           49378444800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                7827487305                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy              75201828660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          137549056320.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy                 0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy            1075447495365                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime                     0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy             54834586200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy          732660508980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy               14506666440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             616.712984                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  116764990111                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF    58184880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1567519808889                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy           52131086400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                7710476070                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy              75209582700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          137549056320.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy                 0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy            1074603675270                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime                     0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy             54836298360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     63191498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::total     63191498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               63191498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port   2692865600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::total   2692865600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              2692865600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1742469679000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy        146711568197                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               8.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy       111319017026                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              6.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          21066253                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                21066253    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            21066253                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     21058992                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      42125245                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           21025477                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     21009772                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            49220                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             40776                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            40776                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      21025477                       # Transaction distribution

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
