
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               2004775801000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 229221                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 883456                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   378266                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                  2385.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              840462033                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   546766938                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     902288706                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  2.004776                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2004775801000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu0.Branches                          1225849                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5971707                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11042850                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data      2755590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2755590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 112977.119883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112977.119883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 110977.119883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110977.119883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data      2741910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2741910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1545527000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1545527000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.004964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data        13680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1518167000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1518167000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.004964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        13680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data       864634                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       864634                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 67273.537418                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67273.537418                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 65273.537418                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65273.537418                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data       825696                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        825696                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   2619497000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2619497000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.045034                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.045034                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data        38938                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        38938                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   2541621000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2541621000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.045034                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045034                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        38938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        38938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data      3620224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3620224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 79155.878217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79155.878217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 77155.878217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77155.878217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data      3567606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         3567606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   4165024000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4165024000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.014534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data        52618                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         52618                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   4059788000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4059788000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.014534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        52618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        52618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data      3620224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3620224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 79155.878217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79155.878217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 77155.878217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77155.878217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data      3567606                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        3567606                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   4165024000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4165024000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.014534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data        52618                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        52618                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   4059788000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4059788000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.014534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        52618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2004775801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                 51594                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            68.802007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7293066                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data  1023.884350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.999887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2004775801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            52618                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7293066                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1023.884350                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            3620224                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           218000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        39492                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            39492                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    2755590                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          904                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2004775801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     864634                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                           94                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst      7637661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7637661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 89577.018122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89577.018122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 87577.018122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87577.018122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst      7635233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        7635233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    217493000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    217493000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst         2428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    212637000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    212637000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         2428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst      7637661                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      7637661                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 89577.018122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89577.018122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 87577.018122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87577.018122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst      7635233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         7635233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    217493000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    217493000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst         2428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    212637000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    212637000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000318                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         2428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst      7637661                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      7637661                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 89577.018122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89577.018122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 87577.018122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87577.018122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst      7635233                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        7635233                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    217493000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    217493000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst         2428                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2428                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    212637000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    212637000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000318                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         2428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2004775801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                  2172                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          3145.659390                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        15277750                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   255.985730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.999944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2004775801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2428                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         15277750                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.985730                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            7637661                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           107000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.986638                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2004775801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2004775801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    7637661                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          287                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.013362                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.numCycles                        26788142                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              357947.532813                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             4749425                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            3541138                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       795884                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                 73417                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                        73417                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads              100729                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              53576                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      18272                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              26430194.467187                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             10989694                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    10989694                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           22870938                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           8959543                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    2755564                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      3620188                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    864624                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                19405      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  7327035     66.35%     66.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     415      0.00%     66.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    34769      0.31%     66.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   2884      0.03%     66.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                   1344      0.01%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                    6146      0.06%     66.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                   11116      0.10%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                   12010      0.11%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                   6520      0.06%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                  1018      0.01%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 2736256     24.78%     92.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 852271      7.72%     99.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead              19308      0.17%     99.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite             12353      0.11%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  11042850                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   2004775801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   59                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.Branches                         21306402                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  180265077                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    297081952                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     52908252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     52908252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 134179.325128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134179.325128                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 132179.325128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 132179.325128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data     42410610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       42410610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1408566519000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1408566519000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.198412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.198412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data     10497642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     10497642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1387571235000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1387571235000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.198412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.198412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     10497642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     10497642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     21137204                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     21137204                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 98789.990645                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98789.990645                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 96789.990645                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96789.990645                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data     21135066                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      21135066                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    211213000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    211213000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.000101                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data         2138                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2138                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    206937000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    206937000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data         2138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data     74045456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     74045456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 134172.119035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 134172.119035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 132172.119035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 132172.119035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data     63545676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        63545676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1408777732000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1408777732000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.141802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.141802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data     10499780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total      10499780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1387778172000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1387778172000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.141802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.141802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     10499780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     10499780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data     74045456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     74045456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 134172.119035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 134172.119035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 132172.119035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 132172.119035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data     63545676                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       63545676                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1408777732000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1408777732000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.141802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.141802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data     10499780                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total     10499780                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1387778172000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1387778172000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.141802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.141802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     10499780                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     10499780                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2004775801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements              10498756                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             7.052096                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses       158590692                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data  1023.894263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.999897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2004775801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         10499780                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        158590692                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1023.894263                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           74045456                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           225000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks     10487629                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total         10487629                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                   52908252                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                       164724                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2004775801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                   21137204                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                           65                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst    233364309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    233364309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 87190.454750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87190.454750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 85190.454750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85190.454750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst    233362088                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      233362088                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    193650000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    193650000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst         2221                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2221                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    189208000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    189208000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         2221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst    233364309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total    233364309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 87190.454750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87190.454750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 85190.454750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85190.454750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst    233362088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total       233362088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    193650000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    193650000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst         2221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          2221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    189208000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    189208000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         2221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst    233364309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total    233364309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 87190.454750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87190.454750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 85190.454750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85190.454750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst    233362088                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total      233362088                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    193650000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    193650000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst         2221                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         2221                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    189208000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    189208000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         2221                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2221                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2004775801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                  1965                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         105071.728501                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       466730839                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   255.982416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.999931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2004775801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2221                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        466730839                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.982416                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          233364309                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           114000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.000992                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2004775801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2004775801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                  233364309                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                          270                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.999008                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2002786874                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              2000799920.202494                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            75557540                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           85618886                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     10784700                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                 70542                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                        70542                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               97305                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              51557                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                      17864                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              1986953.797506                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            297030351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   297030351                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          615040479                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         254646796                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   52908231                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     74045429                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  21137198                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                18952      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                222943524     75.04%     75.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                      27      0.00%     75.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    34463      0.01%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   2762      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                   1168      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                    5992      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                   10832      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                   11662      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                   6326      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                   815      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                52889787     17.80%     92.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               21125331      7.11%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead              18444      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite             11867      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 297081952                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   2004775801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.workload.numSyscalls                   57                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu2.Branches                         21306402                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  180265077                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                    297081952                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.data     52908252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     52908252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 134063.663808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134063.663808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 132063.663808                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 132063.663808                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.data     42410545                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       42410545                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 1407361062000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1407361062000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.198413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.198413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.data     10497707                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     10497707                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 1386365648000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1386365648000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.198413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.198413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data     10497707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     10497707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu2.data     21137204                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     21137204                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 102440.305635                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102440.305635                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 100440.305635                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100440.305635                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu2.data     21135110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      21135110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data    214510000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    214510000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.000099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu2.data         2094                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2094                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data    210322000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    210322000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.000099                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000099                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data         2094                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2094                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data     74045456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     74045456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 134057.357087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 134057.357087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 132057.357087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 132057.357087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu2.data     63545655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        63545655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 1407575572000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1407575572000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.141802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.141802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu2.data     10499801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total      10499801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 1386575970000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1386575970000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.141802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.141802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data     10499801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     10499801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data     74045456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     74045456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 134057.357087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 134057.357087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 132057.357087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 132057.357087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu2.data     63545655                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       63545655                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 1407575572000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1407575572000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.141802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.141802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu2.data     10499801                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total     10499801                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 1386575970000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1386575970000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.141802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.141802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data     10499801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     10499801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2004775801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements              10498777                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs             7.052082                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       158590713                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data  1023.890848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data     0.999893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2004775801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         10499801                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        158590713                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1023.890848                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           74045456                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           233000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks     10487593                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total         10487593                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                   52908252                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                       164725                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2004775801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                   21137204                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                           63                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst    233364309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    233364309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 86356.053812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86356.053812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 84356.053812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84356.053812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.inst    233362079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      233362079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    192574000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    192574000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.inst         2230                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2230                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    188114000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    188114000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         2230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst    233364309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total    233364309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 86356.053812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86356.053812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 84356.053812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84356.053812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst    233362079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total       233362079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    192574000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    192574000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst         2230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          2230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    188114000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    188114000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         2230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst    233364309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total    233364309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 86356.053812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86356.053812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 84356.053812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84356.053812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst    233362079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total      233362079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    192574000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    192574000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst         2230                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         2230                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    188114000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    188114000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         2230                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2230                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2004775801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.replacements                  1974                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         104647.672197                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       466730848                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst   255.982417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst     0.999931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2004775801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2230                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        466730848                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.982417                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs          233364309                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           122000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.001592                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2004775801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2004775801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                  233364309                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                          266                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.998408                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.numCycles                      2001583578                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              1998396438.005131                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads            75557540                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes           85618886                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts     10784700                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 70542                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        70542                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               97305                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              51557                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      17864                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              3187139.994869                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses            297030351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                   297030351                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads          615040479                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         254646796                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                   52908231                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     74045429                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  21137198                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                18952      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                222943524     75.04%     75.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                      27      0.00%     75.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    34463      0.01%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                   2762      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                   1168      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                    5992      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                   10832      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                   11662      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                   6326      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                   815      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                52889787     17.80%     92.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               21125331      7.11%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead              18444      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite             11867      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                 297081952                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   2004775801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.workload.numSyscalls                   57                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu3.Branches                         21306402                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  180265077                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                    297081952                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.data     52908252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     52908252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 134367.949535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134367.949535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 132367.949535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 132367.949535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.data     42410576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       42410576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 1410551199000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1410551199000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.198413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.198413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.data     10497676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     10497676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 1389555847000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1389555847000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.198413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.198413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data     10497676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     10497676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu3.data     21137204                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     21137204                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 102298.279159                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102298.279159                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 100298.279159                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100298.279159                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu3.data     21135112                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      21135112                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    214008000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    214008000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.000099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu3.data         2092                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2092                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    209824000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    209824000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.000099                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000099                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data         2092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data     74045456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     74045456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 134361.559894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 134361.559894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 132361.559894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 132361.559894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu3.data     63545688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        63545688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 1410765207000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1410765207000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.141802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.141802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu3.data     10499768                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total      10499768                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 1389765671000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1389765671000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.141802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.141802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data     10499768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     10499768                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data     74045456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     74045456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 134361.559894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 134361.559894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 132361.559894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 132361.559894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu3.data     63545688                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       63545688                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 1410765207000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1410765207000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.141802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.141802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu3.data     10499768                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total     10499768                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 1389765671000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1389765671000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.141802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.141802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data     10499768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     10499768                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2004775801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements              10498744                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          408                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          586                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs             7.052104                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses       158590680                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data  1023.886124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data     0.999889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2004775801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         10499768                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        158590680                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1023.886124                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs           74045456                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           240000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks     10487602                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total         10487602                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                   52908252                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                       164723                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2004775801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                   21137204                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                           65                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst    233364309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    233364309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 88182.640145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88182.640145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 86182.640145                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86182.640145                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.inst    233362097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      233362097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    195060000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    195060000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.inst         2212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    190636000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    190636000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         2212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst    233364309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total    233364309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 88182.640145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88182.640145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 86182.640145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86182.640145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst    233362097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total       233362097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    195060000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    195060000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst         2212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          2212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    190636000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    190636000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         2212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst    233364309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total    233364309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 88182.640145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88182.640145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 86182.640145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86182.640145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst    233362097                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total      233362097                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    195060000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    195060000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst         2212                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         2212                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    190636000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    190636000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         2212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2004775801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.replacements                  1956                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         105499.235533                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses       466730830                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst   255.985746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst     0.999944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2004775801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2212                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses        466730830                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.985746                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs          233364309                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           129000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2004775801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2004775801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                  233364309                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                          268                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.numCycles                      2004775801                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              2004775800.999000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            75557540                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           85618886                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     10784700                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                 70542                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                        70542                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               97305                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes              51557                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      17864                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                  0.001000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses            297030351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                   297030351                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads          615040479                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         254646796                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                   52908231                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                     74045429                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  21137198                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                18952      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                222943524     75.04%     75.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                      27      0.00%     75.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    34463      0.01%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   2762      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                   1168      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                    5992      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                   10832      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                   11662      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                   6326      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                   815      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                52889787     17.80%     92.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               21125331      7.11%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead              18444      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite             11867      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                 297081952                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   2004775801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.workload.numSyscalls                   57                       # Number of system calls
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         7028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       156830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         6407                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     31498316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         6434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     31498379                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         6380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     31498280                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                94678054                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       155392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5895040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       142144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side   1343194176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       142720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side   1343193216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       141568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side   1343191680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total               4036055936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2004775801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         126121628000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                6.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             7284999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           157862991                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer2.occupancy             6665997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer3.occupancy         31499432907                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer3.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer4.occupancy             6690999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer5.occupancy         31499532870                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer5.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer6.occupancy             6636000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer7.occupancy         31499442861                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer7.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                  2014474496                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           94509274                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.332832                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.471227                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 63053602     66.72%     66.72% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 31455672     33.28%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::3                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::4                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::5                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::6                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::7                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::8                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total             94509274                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     31555938                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops     31455672                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       63116996                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         31455672                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoops                          62948216                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            31515796                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      62978480                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          31525674                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              45262                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             45262                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       31515796                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks        31868                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        31868                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data        38938                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data         2138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu2.data         2094                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu3.data         2092                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total        45262                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 113733.703190                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 105019.438445                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 108192.915531                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 107225.283630                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112054.636196                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 93733.703190                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 85019.438445                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 88192.915531                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 87225.283630                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92054.636196                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu0.data        21634                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data          286                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu2.data          259                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu3.data          241                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total            22420                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1968048000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    194496000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data    198534000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    198474000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2559552000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.444399                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.866230                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.876313                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.884799                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.504662                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data        17304                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data         1852                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu2.data         1835                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu3.data         1851                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total          22842                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1621968000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    157456000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data    161834000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    161454000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2102712000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.444399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.866230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.876313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.884799                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.504662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        17304                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data         1852                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data         1835                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data         1851                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        22842                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst         2428                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data        13680                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst         2221                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     10497642                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst         2230                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.data     10497707                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst         2212                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.data     10497676                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     31515796                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 109296.910755                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 113803.962868                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 107715.379706                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 129110.038849                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 106825.255102                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 129001.550283                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 108602.547771                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 129290.469898                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129123.484083                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 89296.910755                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 93803.962868                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 87715.379706                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 109110.038849                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 86825.255102                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 109001.550283                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 88602.547771                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 109290.469898                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109123.484083                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.inst          680                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data          861                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.inst          654                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data          831                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu2.inst          662                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu2.data          913                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu3.inst          642                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu3.data          905                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         6148                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    191051000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1458853000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    168790000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1355243676000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    167502000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 1354102699000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    170506000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 1357132455000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 4068635532000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.719934                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.937061                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.705538                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.999921                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.703139                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.999913                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.709765                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.999914                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999805                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.inst         1748                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data        12819                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.inst         1567                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data     10496811                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.inst         1568                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.data     10496794                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.inst         1570                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.data     10496771                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     31509648                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    156091000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1202473000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    137450000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1145307456000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    136142000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 1144166819000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    139106000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 1147197035000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 3438442572000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.719934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.937061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.705538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.999921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.703139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.999913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.709765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.999914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         1748                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        12819                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1567                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     10496811                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         1568                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data     10496794                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         1570                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data     10496771                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     31509648                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks     31502316                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     31502316                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks     31502316                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total     31502316                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst         2428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data        52618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst         2221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data     10499780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst         2230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data     10499801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst         2212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data     10499768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total        31561058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 109296.910755                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 113763.602563                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 107715.379706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 129105.789185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 106825.255102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 128997.913251                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 108602.547771                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 129286.579610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129111.119483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 89296.910755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 93763.602563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 87715.379706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 109105.789185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 86825.255102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 108997.913251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 88602.547771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 109286.579610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109111.119483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst            680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data          22495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst            654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data           1117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst            662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu2.data           1172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst            642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu3.data           1146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               28568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    191051000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   3426901000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    168790000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1355438172000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    167502000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 1354301233000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    170506000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 1357330929000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total 4071195084000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.719934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.572485                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.705538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.999894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.703139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.999888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.709765                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.999891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst         1748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data        30123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst         1567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data     10498663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst         1568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu2.data     10498629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst         1570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu3.data     10498622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total          31532490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    156091000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   2824441000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    137450000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1145464912000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    136142000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 1144328653000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    139106000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 1147358489000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 3440545284000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.719934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.572485                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.705538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.999894                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.703139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.999888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.709765                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.999891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         1748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        30123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     10498663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         1568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data     10498629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         1570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data     10498622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     31532490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst         2428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data        52618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst         2221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data     10499780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst         2230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data     10499801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst         2212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data     10499768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       31561058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 109296.910755                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 113763.602563                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 107715.379706                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 129105.789185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 106825.255102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 128997.913251                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 108602.547771                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 129286.579610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129111.119483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 89296.910755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 93763.602563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 87715.379706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 109105.789185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 86825.255102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 108997.913251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 88602.547771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 109286.579610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109111.119483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst           680                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data         22495                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst           654                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data          1117                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst           662                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu2.data          1172                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst           642                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu3.data          1146                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              28568                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    191051000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   3426901000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    168790000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1355438172000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    167502000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 1354301233000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    170506000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 1357330929000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total 4071195084000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.719934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.572485                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.705538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.999894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.703139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.999888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.709765                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.999891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst         1748                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data        30123                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst         1567                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data     10498663                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst         1568                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu2.data     10498629                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst         1570                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu3.data     10498622                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total         31532490                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    156091000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   2824441000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    137450000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 1145464912000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    136142000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 1144328653000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    139106000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 1147358489000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 3440545284000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.719934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.572485                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.705538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.999894                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.703139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.999888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.709765                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.999891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         1748                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        30123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data     10498663                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         1568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data     10498629                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         1570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data     10498622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     31532490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2004775801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.replacements                  62948216                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          518                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.002110                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses           567888280                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks  2037.750533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst     0.225797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data     4.543711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst     0.226472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data   684.236034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst     0.209652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data   705.501756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst     0.203767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data   662.884693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.497498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.000055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.001109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.000055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.167050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst     0.000051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data     0.172242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst     0.000050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data     0.161837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2004775801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs             62952312                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses            567888280                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             4095.782414                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs               63085128                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                86000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks       31476164                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total             31476164                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       31817.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 57640.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples  31476164.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples      1748.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples     30041.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples      1567.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples  10498648.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu2.inst::samples      1568.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu2.data::samples  10498613.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu3.inst::samples      1570.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu3.data::samples  10498602.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      38890.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                       1006.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                    1006.64                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        2.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                       1004.84                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                    1004.84                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.48                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         15.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      7.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     7.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        55803                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst        50025                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu2.inst        50056                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu3.inst        50120                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            206004                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu0.inst             55803                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu0.data            961640                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu1.inst             50025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu1.data         335156895                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu2.inst             50056                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu2.data         335155809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu3.inst             50120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu3.data         335155586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total             1006635934                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks      1004837795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu0.inst            55803                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu0.data           961640                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu1.inst            50025                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu1.data        335156895                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu2.inst            50056                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu2.data        335155809                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu3.inst            50120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu3.data        335155586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            2011473729                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks      1004837795                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total            1004837795                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples     25357378                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     159.028402                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     93.560869                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    235.447186                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127      20625247     81.34%     81.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255       474153      1.87%     83.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383       758009      2.99%     86.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511      1018845      4.02%     90.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639       400579      1.58%     91.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767       386042      1.52%     93.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895       686761      2.71%     96.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023       177409      0.70%     96.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       830333      3.27%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total      25357378                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM              2018070848                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys               2018079360                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     8512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten               2014473344                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys            2014474496                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst       111872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst       100288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu2.inst       100352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu3.inst       100480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         412992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst         111872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu0.data        1927872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst         100288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu1.data      671914432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu2.inst         100352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu2.data      671912256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu3.inst         100480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu3.data      671911808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total          2018079360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks   2014474496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total       2014474496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst         1748                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data        30123                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst         1567                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data     10498663                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.inst         1568                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.data     10498629                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.inst         1570                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.data     10498622                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     37810.80                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     42197.56                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst     36267.87                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data     57633.22                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.inst     35357.31                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.data     57526.48                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.inst     37140.45                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.data     57818.85                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst       111872                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data      1922624                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst       100288                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data    671913472                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.inst       100352                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.data    671911232                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.inst       100480                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.data    671910528                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 55802.748588743561                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 959021.951003687223                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 50024.546360732929                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 335156415.827068328857                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu2.inst 50056.470129948459                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu2.data 335155298.495145797729                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu3.inst 50120.317668379517                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu3.data 335154947.333684384823                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst     66093274                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data   1271117169                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst     56831757                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data 605071757379                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.inst     55440258                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.data 603949150080                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.inst     58310502                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.data 607018294612                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks     31476164                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   1567233.51                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks   2014473344                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1004837220.698275923729                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 49330498912206                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds       1793865                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState             87370456                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState            29759824                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds       1793865                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu0.inst            1748                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu0.data           30123                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu1.inst            1567                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu1.data        10498663                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu2.inst            1568                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu2.data        10498629                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu3.inst            1570                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu3.data        10498622                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total             31532490                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks      31476164                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total            31476164                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     59.76                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0            1971337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1            1970869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2            1969150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3            1969736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4            1969709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5            1969923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6            1972547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7            1970907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8            1971127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9            1970324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10           1971447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11           1970495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12           1971467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13           1970960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14           1971554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15           1970805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0            1967494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1            1966999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2            1966266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3            1966356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4            1966444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5            1966457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6            1969264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7            1967268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8            1967297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9            1967089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10           1967989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11           1967422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12           1967471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13           1967354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14           1967709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15           1967267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000533730250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2004775801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples      1793865                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.577886                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      17.509229                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       5.059015                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        1793840    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           21      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total        1793865                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                 14854755                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                 13837503                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                  2836768                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                     3331                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                   31532490                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6               31532490                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                     31532490                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  29.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                   9436075                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     133                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                157661785000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   2004775771000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat             1817546995031                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                  1226315301281                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples      1793865                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.546552                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.449481                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.877554                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16            996031     55.52%     55.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17             89089      4.97%     60.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             64639      3.60%     64.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19             55407      3.09%     67.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20            566238     31.57%     98.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::21             14735      0.82%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::22              3073      0.17%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::23              4576      0.26%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::24                72      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::25                 5      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total        1793865                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                  640381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                  713540                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                 1692101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                 1890253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                 1882093                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                 2083360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                 2074754                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                 1861901                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                 1856914                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                 1878671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                 1832514                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                 1930009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                 1807932                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                 1850466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                 2024123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                 1799808                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                 1843217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                 1796327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                   11159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                    6480                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                     146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                  31476164                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6              31476164                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                    31476164                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 89.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                 28215045                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy          714291267750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy               90513215940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             685.460654                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  387499502805                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF    66943760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1550332538195                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy          168325471680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy               48108915195                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy             112556230920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          158255048640.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy                 0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy            1374194930685                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime                     0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy             82144780560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy          714720408780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy               90538498680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             685.535948                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  386669994262                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF    66943760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1551162046738                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy          167964089760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy               48122334315                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy             112584798060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          158255048640.000031                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy                 0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy            1374345879795                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime                     0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy             82160701560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     94589392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::total     94589392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               94589392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port   4032553856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::total   4032553856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              4032553856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2004775801000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy        216208930353                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization              10.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy       169820092823                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              8.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          31532490                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                31532490    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            31532490                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     31524412                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      63056902                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           31509648                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     31476164                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            48248                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             22842                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            22842                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      31509648                       # Transaction distribution

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
