
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               1721170568000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 290083                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 887560                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   483340                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   683.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             2519336181                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   198179974                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     330210018                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  1.721171                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1721170568000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu0.Branches                          1225834                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5971651                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11042729                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data      2755582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2755582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 111260.656468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111260.656468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 109260.656468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109260.656468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data      2742116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2742116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1498236000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1498236000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.004887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data        13466                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13466                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1471304000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1471304000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.004887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        13466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data       864634                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       864634                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 68175.894518                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68175.894518                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 66175.894518                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66175.894518                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data       828078                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        828078                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   2492238000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2492238000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.042279                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.042279                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data        36556                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        36556                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   2419126000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2419126000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.042279                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042279                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        36556                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        36556                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data      3620216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3620216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 79774.379273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79774.379273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 77774.379273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77774.379273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data      3570194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         3570194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   3990474000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3990474000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.013817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data        50022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         50022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   3890430000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3890430000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.013817                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013817                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        50022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data      3620216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3620216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 79774.379273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79774.379273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 77774.379273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77774.379273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data      3570194                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        3570194                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   3990474000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3990474000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.013817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data        50022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        50022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   3890430000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3890430000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.013817                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013817                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        50022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721170568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                 48998                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            72.372476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7290454                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data  1023.865201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.999868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721170568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            50022                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7290454                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1023.865201                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            3620216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           218000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        36913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            36913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    2755582                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          904                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721170568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     864634                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                           88                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst      7637575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7637575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 87747.762408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87747.762408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 85747.762408                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85747.762408                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst      7635117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        7635117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    215684000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    215684000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst         2458                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2458                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    210768000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    210768000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         2458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst      7637575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      7637575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 87747.762408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87747.762408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 85747.762408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85747.762408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst      7635117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         7635117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    215684000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    215684000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst         2458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    210768000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    210768000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         2458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst      7637575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      7637575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 87747.762408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87747.762408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 85747.762408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85747.762408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst      7635117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        7635117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    215684000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    215684000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst         2458                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2458                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    210768000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    210768000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         2458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721170568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                  2202                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          3107.231489                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        15277608                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   255.979429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.999920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721170568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2458                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         15277608                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.979429                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            7637575                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           107000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.984536                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721170568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721170568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    7637575                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          287                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.015464                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.numCycles                        26616727                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              411609.499583                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             4749339                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            3541090                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       795867                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                 73417                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                        73417                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads              100729                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              53576                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      18274                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              26205117.500417                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             10989573                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    10989573                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           22870723                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           8959437                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    2755555                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      3620179                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    864624                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                19405      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  7326923     66.35%     66.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     415      0.00%     66.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    34769      0.31%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   2884      0.03%     66.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                   1344      0.01%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                    6146      0.06%     66.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                   11116      0.10%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                   12010      0.11%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                   6520      0.06%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                  1018      0.01%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 2736247     24.78%     92.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 852271      7.72%     99.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead              19308      0.17%     99.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite             12353      0.11%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  11042729                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   1721170568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   59                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.Branches                          1225834                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    5971651                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     11042729                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data      2755582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2755582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 110724.715338                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110724.715338                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 108724.715338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108724.715338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data      2742145                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2742145                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1487808000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1487808000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.004876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data        13437                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13437                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1460934000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1460934000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.004876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        13437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data       864634                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       864634                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 70955.379426                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70955.379426                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 68955.379426                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68955.379426                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data       828171                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        828171                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   2587246000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2587246000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.042172                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.042172                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data        36463                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        36463                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   2514320000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2514320000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.042172                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042172                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        36463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        36463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data      3620216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3620216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 81664.408818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81664.408818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 79664.408818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79664.408818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data      3570316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         3570316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   4075054000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4075054000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.013784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data        49900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         49900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   3975254000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3975254000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.013784                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013784                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        49900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data      3620216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3620216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 81664.408818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81664.408818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 79664.408818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79664.408818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data      3570316                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        3570316                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   4075054000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4075054000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.013784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data        49900                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        49900                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   3975254000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3975254000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.013784                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013784                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        49900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721170568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                 48876                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            72.549419                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7290332                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data  1023.866514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.999870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721170568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            49900                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7290332                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1023.866514                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            3620216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           225000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        36925                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            36925                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                    2755582                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                          903                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721170568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                     864634                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                           88                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst      7637575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7637575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 89534.076828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89534.076828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 87534.076828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87534.076828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst      7635154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        7635154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    216762000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    216762000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst         2421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    211920000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    211920000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         2421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst      7637575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      7637575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 89534.076828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89534.076828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 87534.076828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87534.076828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst      7635154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         7635154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    216762000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    216762000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst         2421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          2421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    211920000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    211920000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000317                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000317                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         2421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst      7637575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      7637575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 89534.076828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89534.076828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 87534.076828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87534.076828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst      7635154                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        7635154                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    216762000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    216762000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst         2421                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         2421                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    211920000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    211920000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000317                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000317                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         2421                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2421                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721170568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                  2165                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          3154.719124                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        15277571                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   255.983351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.999935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721170568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2421                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         15277571                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.983351                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            7637575                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           114000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.984486                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721170568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721170568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                    7637575                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                          283                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.015514                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.numCycles                        26702703                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              414272.914470                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             4749339                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            3541090                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       795867                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                 73417                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                        73417                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads              100729                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              53576                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                      18274                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              26288430.085530                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             10989573                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    10989573                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           22870723                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           8959437                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    2755555                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      3620179                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    864624                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                19405      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  7326923     66.35%     66.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                     415      0.00%     66.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    34769      0.31%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   2884      0.03%     66.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                   1344      0.01%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                    6146      0.06%     66.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                   11116      0.10%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                   12010      0.11%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                   6520      0.06%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                  1018      0.01%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 2736247     24.78%     92.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 852271      7.72%     99.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead              19308      0.17%     99.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite             12353      0.11%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  11042729                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   1721170568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.workload.numSyscalls                   59                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu2.Branches                          1225834                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    5971651                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     11042729                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.data      2755582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2755582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 111126.407181                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111126.407181                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 109126.407181                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109126.407181                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.data      2741991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2741991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   1510319000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1510319000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.004932                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004932                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.data        13591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   1483137000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1483137000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.004932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        13591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu2.data       864634                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       864634                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 66000.436229                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66000.436229                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 64000.436229                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64000.436229                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu2.data       827956                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        827956                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   2420764000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2420764000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.042420                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.042420                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu2.data        36678                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        36678                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   2347408000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2347408000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.042420                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042420                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        36678                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        36678                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data      3620216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3620216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 78200.938948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78200.938948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 76200.938948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76200.938948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu2.data      3569947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         3569947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   3931083000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3931083000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.013886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu2.data        50269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         50269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   3830545000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3830545000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.013886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        50269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data      3620216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3620216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 78200.938948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78200.938948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 76200.938948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76200.938948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu2.data      3569947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        3569947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   3931083000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3931083000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.013886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu2.data        50269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        50269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   3830545000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3830545000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.013886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        50269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721170568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements                 49245                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            72.016869                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7290701                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data  1023.866371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data     0.999870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721170568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            50269                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7290701                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1023.866371                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            3620216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           233000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        37139                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            37139                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                    2755582                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                          902                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721170568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                     864634                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                           88                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst      7637575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7637575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 88710.873147                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88710.873147                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 86710.873147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86710.873147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.inst      7635147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        7635147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    215390000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    215390000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.inst         2428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    210534000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    210534000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         2428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst      7637575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total      7637575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 88710.873147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88710.873147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 86710.873147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86710.873147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst      7635147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total         7635147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    215390000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    215390000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst         2428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          2428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    210534000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    210534000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000318                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         2428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst      7637575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total      7637575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 88710.873147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88710.873147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 86710.873147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86710.873147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst      7635147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total        7635147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    215390000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    215390000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst         2428                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         2428                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    210534000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    210534000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000318                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         2428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721170568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.replacements                  2172                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          3145.623970                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        15277578                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst   255.983358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst     0.999935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721170568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2428                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         15277578                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.983358                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs            7637575                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           122000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.984571                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721170568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721170568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                    7637575                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                          286                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.015429                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.numCycles                        26556608                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              409752.200960                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             4749339                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            3541090                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       795867                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 73417                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        73417                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads              100729                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              53576                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      18274                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              26146855.799040                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             10989573                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    10989573                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           22870723                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           8959437                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    2755555                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      3620179                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    864624                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                19405      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  7326923     66.35%     66.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                     415      0.00%     66.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    34769      0.31%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                   2884      0.03%     66.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                   1344      0.01%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                    6146      0.06%     66.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                   11116      0.10%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                   12010      0.11%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                   6520      0.06%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                  1018      0.01%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 2736247     24.78%     92.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 852271      7.72%     99.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead              19308      0.17%     99.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite             12353      0.11%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  11042729                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   1721170568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.workload.numSyscalls                   59                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu3.Branches                         21306387                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  180265021                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                    297081831                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.data     52908244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     52908244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 107352.541491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107352.541491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 105352.541491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105352.541491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.data     42410586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       42410586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 1126950266000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1126950266000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.198413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.198413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.data     10497658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     10497658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 1105954950000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1105954950000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.198413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.198413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data     10497658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     10497658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu3.data     21137204                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     21137204                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 100958.253359                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100958.253359                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 98958.253359                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98958.253359                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu3.data     21135120                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      21135120                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    210397000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    210397000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.000099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000099                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu3.data         2084                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2084                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    206229000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    206229000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.000099                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000099                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data         2084                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2084                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data     74045448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     74045448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 107351.272346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107351.272346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 105351.272346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105351.272346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu3.data     63545706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        63545706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 1127160663000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1127160663000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.141801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.141801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu3.data     10499742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total      10499742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 1106161179000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1106161179000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.141801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.141801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data     10499742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     10499742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data     74045448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     74045448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 107351.272346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107351.272346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 105351.272346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105351.272346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu3.data     63545706                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       63545706                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 1127160663000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1127160663000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.141801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.141801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu3.data     10499742                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total     10499742                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 1106161179000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1106161179000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.141801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.141801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data     10499742                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     10499742                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721170568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements              10498718                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          400                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          594                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs             7.052121                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses       158590638                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data  1023.869668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data     0.999873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721170568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs         10499742                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        158590638                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1023.869668                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs           74045448                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           240000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks     10487568                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total         10487568                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                   52908244                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                       164722                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721170568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                   21137204                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                           62                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst    233364223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    233364223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 86407.193606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86407.193606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 84407.193606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84407.193606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.inst    233361971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      233361971                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    194589000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    194589000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.inst         2252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    190085000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    190085000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         2252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst    233364223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total    233364223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 86407.193606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86407.193606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 84407.193606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84407.193606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst    233361971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total       233361971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    194589000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    194589000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst         2252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          2252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    190085000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    190085000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         2252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst    233364223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total    233364223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 86407.193606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86407.193606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 84407.193606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84407.193606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst    233361971                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total      233361971                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    194589000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    194589000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst         2252                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         2252                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    190085000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    190085000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         2252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721170568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.replacements                  1996                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         103625.321048                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses       466730698                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst   255.979488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst     0.999920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721170568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2252                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses        466730698                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.979488                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs          233364223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           129000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721170568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721170568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                  233364223                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                          268                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.numCycles                      1721170568                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              1721170567.999000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            75557454                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           85618838                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     10784683                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                 70542                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                        70542                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               97305                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes              51557                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      17866                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                  0.001000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses            297030230                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                   297030230                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads          615040264                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         254646690                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                   52908222                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                     74045420                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  21137198                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                18952      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                222943412     75.04%     75.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                      27      0.00%     75.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    34463      0.01%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   2762      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                   1168      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                    5992      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                   10832      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                   11662      0.00%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                   6326      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                   815      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                52889778     17.80%     92.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               21125331      7.11%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead              18444      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite             11867      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                 297081831                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   1721170568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.workload.numSyscalls                   57                       # Number of system calls
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         7118                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       149042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         7007                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       148676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         7028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       149783                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         6500                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     31498202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                31973356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       157312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5563840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       154944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5556800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       155392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5594112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       144128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side   1343187840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total               1360514368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721170568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          42510954000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             7375998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           150155910                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer2.occupancy             7265997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer3.occupancy           149821878                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer4.occupancy             7284000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer5.occupancy           150877929                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer5.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer6.occupancy             6756999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer7.occupancy         31499517708                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer7.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                   674505024                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           21372424                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.007351                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.085420                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 21215322     99.26%     99.26% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   157102      0.74%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::3                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::4                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::5                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::6                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::7                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::8                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total             21372424                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     10654372                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       157102                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       21313864                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           157102                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoops                          10712932                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            10547711                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      21137686                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            229618                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             111781                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            111781                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       10547711                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks        33573                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        33573                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data        36556                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data        36463                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu2.data        36678                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu3.data         2084                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       111781                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 106733.507766                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 106412.132909                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 106855.468979                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 106396.391471                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106649.700171                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 86733.507766                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 86412.132909                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 86855.468979                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 86396.391471                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86649.700171                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu0.data        18593                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data        17292                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu2.data        19609                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu3.data          255                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total            55749                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1917254000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   2040027000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   1823916000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    194599000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   5975796000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.491383                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.525766                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.465374                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.877639                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.501266                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data        17963                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data        19171                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu2.data        17069                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu3.data         1829                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total          56032                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1557994000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1656607000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   1482536000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    158019000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4855156000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.491383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.525766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.465374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.877639                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.501266                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        17963                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        19171                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        17069                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data         1829                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        56032                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst         2458                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data        13466                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst         2421                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data        13437                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst         2428                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.data        13591                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst         2252                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.data     10497658                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total     10547711                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 108160.252728                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 111920.560748                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 108926.243568                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 111627.786624                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 107993.142857                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 112369.165153                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 107852.490421                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 102358.998288                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102397.316345                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 88160.252728                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 91920.560748                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 88926.243568                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 91627.786624                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 87993.142857                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 92369.165153                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 87852.490421                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 82358.998288                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82397.316345                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.inst          717                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data          840                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.inst          672                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data          877                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu2.inst          678                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu2.data          930                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu3.inst          686                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu3.data          867                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total         6267                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    188307000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1413109000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    190512000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1402045000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    188988000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   1422706000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    168897000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 1074441012000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 1079415576000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.708299                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.937621                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.722429                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.934732                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.720758                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.931572                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.695382                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.999917                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.999406                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.inst         1741                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data        12626                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.inst         1749                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data        12560                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.inst         1750                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.data        12661                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.inst         1566                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.data     10496791                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total     10541444                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    153487000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1160589000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    155532000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1150845000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    153988000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   1169486000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    137577000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 864505192000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 868586696000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.708299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.937621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.722429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.934732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.720758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.931572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.695382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.999917                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999406                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         1741                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        12626                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1749                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        12560                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         1750                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        12661                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         1566                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data     10496791                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     10541444                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks     10598545                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     10598545                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks     10598545                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total     10598545                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst         2458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data        50022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst         2421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data        49900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst         2428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data        50269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst         2252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data     10499742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total        10659492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 108160.252728                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 108874.530060                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 108926.243568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 108476.631685                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 107993.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 109203.565422                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 107852.490421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 102359.701656                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102419.799960                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 88160.252728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 88874.530060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 88926.243568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 88476.631685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 87993.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 89203.565422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 87852.490421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 82359.701656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82419.799960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst            717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data          19433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst            672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data          18169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst            678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu2.data          20539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst            686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu3.data           1122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               62016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    188307000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   3330363000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    190512000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   3442072000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    188988000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   3246622000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    168897000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 1074635611000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total 1085391372000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.708299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.611511                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.722429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.635892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.720758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.591418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.695382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.999893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.994182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst         1741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data        30589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst         1749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data        31731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst         1750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu2.data        29730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst         1566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu3.data     10498620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total          10597476                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    153487000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   2718583000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    155532000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   2807452000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    153988000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   2652022000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    137577000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 864663211000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 873441852000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.708299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.611511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.722429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.635892                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.720758                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.591418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.695382                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.999893                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         1741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        30589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        31731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         1750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        29730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         1566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data     10498620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     10597476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst         2458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data        50022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst         2421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data        49900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst         2428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data        50269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst         2252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data     10499742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       10659492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 108160.252728                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 108874.530060                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 108926.243568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 108476.631685                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 107993.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 109203.565422                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 107852.490421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 102359.701656                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102419.799960                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 88160.252728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 88874.530060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 88926.243568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 88476.631685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 87993.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 89203.565422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 87852.490421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 82359.701656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82419.799960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst           717                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data         19433                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst           672                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data         18169                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst           678                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu2.data         20539                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst           686                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu3.data          1122                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              62016                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    188307000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   3330363000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    190512000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   3442072000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    188988000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   3246622000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    168897000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 1074635611000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total 1085391372000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.708299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.611511                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.722429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.635892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.720758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.591418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.695382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.999893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.994182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst         1741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data        30589                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst         1749                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data        31731                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst         1750                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu2.data        29730                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst         1566                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu3.data     10498620                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total         10597476                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    153487000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   2718583000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    155532000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   2807452000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    153988000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   2652022000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    137577000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 864663211000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 873441852000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.708299                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.611511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.722429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.635892                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.720758                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.591418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.695382                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.999893                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         1741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        30589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1749                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        31731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         1750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        29730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         1566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data     10498620                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     10597476                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721170568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.replacements                  10712932                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          521                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3505                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.985652                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses           181227940                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    13.958713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst     0.328759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data     6.073064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst     0.348942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data     6.257412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst     0.328703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data     5.727810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst     0.261752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data  4062.458915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.003408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.000080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.001483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.000085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.001528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst     0.000080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data     0.001398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst     0.000064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data     0.991811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.999938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721170568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs             10717028                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses            181227940                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             4095.744069                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs               21280291                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                86000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks       10539141                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total             10539141                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       81430.75                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 31154.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples  10539141.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples      1741.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples     30367.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples      1749.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples     31559.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu2.inst::samples      1750.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu2.data::samples     29609.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu3.inst::samples      1566.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu3.data::samples  10498605.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12404.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        394.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     394.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        391.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     391.89                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          6.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      3.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        64737                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst        65035                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu2.inst        65072                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu3.inst        58230                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            253074                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu0.inst             64737                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu0.data           1137421                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu1.inst             65035                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu1.data           1179885                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu2.inst             65072                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu2.data           1105480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu3.inst             58230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu3.data         390380647                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              394056508                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       391887380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu0.inst            64737                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu0.data          1137421                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu1.inst            65035                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu1.data          1179885                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu2.inst            65072                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu2.data          1105480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu3.inst            58230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu3.data        390380647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             785943888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       391887380                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             391887380                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples      2453663                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     551.300380                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    358.800067                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    414.646941                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127        153716      6.26%      6.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255       885264     36.08%     42.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383       104874      4.27%     46.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511       100432      4.09%     50.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        59572      2.43%     53.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767        73820      3.01%     56.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895        91261      3.72%     59.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        88491      3.61%     63.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       896233     36.53%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total       2453663                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM               678204544                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                678238464                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    33920                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                674503040                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys             674505024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst       111424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst       111936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu2.inst       112000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu3.inst       100224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         435584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst         111424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu0.data        1957696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst         111936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu1.data        2030784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu2.inst         112000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu2.data        1902720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu3.inst         100224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu3.data      671911680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total           678238464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks    674505024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total        674505024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst         1741                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data        30589                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst         1749                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data        31731                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.inst         1750                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.data        29730                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.inst         1566                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.data     10498620                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     36694.43                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     37451.44                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst     37462.41                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data     37027.51                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.inst     36512.14                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.data     37736.60                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.inst     36413.95                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.data     31094.80                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst       111424                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data      1943488                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst       111936                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data      2019776                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.inst       112000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.data      1894976                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.inst       100224                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.data    671910720                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 64737.337525748349                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 1129166.415074325167                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 65034.809495998772                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 1173489.738641638309                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu2.inst 65071.993492280075                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu2.data 1100980.945893097669                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu3.inst 58230.138176520340                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu3.data 390380089.278868019581                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst     63885002                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data   1145602037                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst     65521751                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data   1174919798                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.inst     63896251                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.data   1121909221                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.inst     57024251                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.data 326452457756                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks     10539141                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3878752.87                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks    674503040                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 391886227.048242211342                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 40878723428738                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds        587673                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState             31628720                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState            10017213                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds        587673                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu0.inst            1741                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu0.data           30589                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu1.inst            1749                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu1.data           31731                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu2.inst            1750                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu2.data           29730                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu3.inst            1566                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu3.data        10498620                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total             10597476                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks      10539141                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total            10539141                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     88.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0             660631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1             660727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2             663745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3             661770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4             660008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5             661177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6             666162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7             664263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8             660984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9             659663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10            663751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11            662578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12            660952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13            660586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14            664026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15            665923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0             656701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1             656805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2             660577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3             658192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4             656614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5             657544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6             662723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7             660397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8             657052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9             656313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10            660330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11            659592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12            656921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13            656986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14            660115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15            662248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000462690500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721170568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples       587673                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       18.032018                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      17.951821                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev       8.127916                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255         587647    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           23      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total         587673                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                 10556468                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                    33935                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                     5788                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                      755                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                   10597476                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6               10597476                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                     10597476                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  88.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                   9330878                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     530                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                 52984730000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   1721170538000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat             330145216067                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                  131452478567                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples       587673                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.933630                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.929252                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.384942                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             19557      3.33%      3.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              3970      0.68%      4.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18            561349     95.52%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19              1838      0.31%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20               706      0.12%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::21               196      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::22                46      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::23                 9      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::24                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::25                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total         587673                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                  561725                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                  568180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                  586774                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                  587731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                  587896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                  588004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                  587998                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                  588807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                  590226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                  588017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                  588050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                  588461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                  587939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                  587962                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                  588178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                  587734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                  587714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                  587688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                      32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                  10539141                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6              10539141                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                    10539141                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 88.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                  9351507                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy          407067836430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy                8764571340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             546.042359                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  813750000316                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF    57473520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   849947047684                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy          318135530880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                4658461170                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy              37831168620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          135867401280.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy                 0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy            939832036380                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime                     0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy             27507066660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy          406988072340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy                8754639600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             546.026137                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  813926109795                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF    57473520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   849770938205                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy          318202700640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                4653189915                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy              37831025820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          135867401280.000015                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy                 0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy            939804117135                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime                     0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy             27507087540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     31784354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::total     31784354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               31784354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port   1352743488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::total   1352743488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total              1352743488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1721170568000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy         63401967416                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               3.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy        55802522576                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              3.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          10597476                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                10597476    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            10597476                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     10589402                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      21186878                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           10541444                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     10539141                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            50261                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             56032                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            56032                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      10541444                       # Transaction distribution

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
