
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                26319248000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 380215                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 890632                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   703088                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    62.82                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              418934722                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                    23886604                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      44170916                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.026319                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 26319248000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu0.Branches                          1225834                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5971651                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11042729                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data      2755582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2755582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 104224.257970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104224.257970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 102224.257970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102224.257970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data      2741937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2741937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1422140000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1422140000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.004952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data        13645                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13645                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1394850000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1394850000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.004952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        13645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data       864634                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       864634                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 61979.531765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61979.531765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 59979.531765                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59979.531765                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data       827943                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        827943                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   2274091000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2274091000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.042435                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.042435                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data        36691                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        36691                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   2200709000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2200709000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.042435                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042435                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        36691                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        36691                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data      3620216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3620216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 73431.162587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73431.162587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 71431.162587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71431.162587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data      3569880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         3569880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   3696231000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3696231000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.013904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data        50336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         50336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   3595559000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3595559000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.013904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        50336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data      3620216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3620216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 73431.162587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73431.162587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 71431.162587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71431.162587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data      3569880                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        3569880                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   3696231000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3696231000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.013904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data        50336                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        50336                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   3595559000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3595559000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.013904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        50336                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50336                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26319248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                 49312                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          431                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          274                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            71.921011                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7290768                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data  1014.877998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.991092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26319248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            50336                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7290768                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1014.877998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            3620216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           218000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        37615                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            37615                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    2755582                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          904                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26319248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     864634                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                           93                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst      7637575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7637575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 87697.818032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87697.818032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 85697.818032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85697.818032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst      7635146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        7635146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    213018000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    213018000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst         2429                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2429                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    208160000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    208160000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         2429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst      7637575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      7637575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 87697.818032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87697.818032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 85697.818032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85697.818032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst      7635146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         7635146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    213018000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    213018000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst         2429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    208160000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    208160000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000318                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         2429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst      7637575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      7637575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 87697.818032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87697.818032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 85697.818032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85697.818032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst      7635146                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        7635146                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    213018000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    213018000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst         2429                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2429                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    208160000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    208160000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.000318                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000318                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         2429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26319248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                  2173                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          3144.328942                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        15277579                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   254.911335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.995747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26319248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2429                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         15277579                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          254.911335                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            7637575                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           107000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26319248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26319248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    7637575                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          290                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.numCycles                        26319248                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              26319247.999000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             4749339                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            3541090                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       795867                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                 73417                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                        73417                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads              100729                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              53576                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      18274                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                  0.001000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             10989573                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    10989573                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           22870723                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           8959437                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    2755555                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      3620179                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    864624                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                19405      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  7326923     66.35%     66.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     415      0.00%     66.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    34769      0.31%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   2884      0.03%     66.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                   1344      0.01%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                    6146      0.06%     66.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                   11116      0.10%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                   12010      0.11%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                   6520      0.06%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                  1018      0.01%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 2736247     24.78%     92.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 852271      7.72%     99.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead              19308      0.17%     99.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite             12353      0.11%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  11042729                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    26319248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   59                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.Branches                          1225834                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    5971651                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     11042729                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data      2755582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2755582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 103161.591822                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103161.591822                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 101161.591822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101161.591822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data      2741887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2741887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1412798000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1412798000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.004970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data        13695                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13695                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1385408000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1385408000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.004970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        13695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data       864634                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       864634                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 61724.499289                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61724.499289                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 59724.499289                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59724.499289                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data       828086                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        828086                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   2255907000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2255907000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.042270                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.042270                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data        36548                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        36548                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   2182811000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2182811000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.042270                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042270                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        36548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        36548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data      3620216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3620216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 73019.226559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73019.226559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 71019.226559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71019.226559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data      3569973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         3569973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   3668705000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3668705000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.013878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data        50243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         50243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   3568219000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3568219000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.013878                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013878                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        50243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data      3620216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3620216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 73019.226559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73019.226559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 71019.226559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71019.226559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data      3569973                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        3569973                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   3668705000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3668705000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.013878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data        50243                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        50243                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   3568219000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3568219000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.013878                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013878                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        50243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26319248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                 49219                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          327                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            72.054137                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7290675                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data  1015.014959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.991226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26319248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            50243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7290675                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1015.014959                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            3620216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           225000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        37529                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            37529                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                    2755582                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                          908                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26319248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                     864634                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                           91                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst      7637575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7637575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 86076.260763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86076.260763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 84076.260763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84076.260763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst      7635136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        7635136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    209940000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    209940000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst         2439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    205062000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    205062000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         2439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst      7637575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      7637575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 86076.260763                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86076.260763                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 84076.260763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84076.260763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst      7635136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         7635136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    209940000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    209940000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst         2439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          2439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    205062000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    205062000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         2439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst      7637575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      7637575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 86076.260763                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86076.260763                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 84076.260763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84076.260763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst      7635136                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        7635136                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    209940000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    209940000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst         2439                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         2439                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    205062000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    205062000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         2439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26319248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                  2183                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          3131.437064                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        15277589                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   254.910260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.995743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26319248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2439                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         15277589                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          254.910260                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            7637575                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           114000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.001156                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26319248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26319248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                    7637575                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                          292                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.998844                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.numCycles                        26288810                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              26258407.200306                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             4749339                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            3541090                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       795867                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                 73417                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                        73417                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads              100729                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              53576                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                      18274                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              30402.799694                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             10989573                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    10989573                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           22870723                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           8959437                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    2755555                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      3620179                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    864624                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                19405      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  7326923     66.35%     66.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                     415      0.00%     66.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    34769      0.31%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   2884      0.03%     66.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                   1344      0.01%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                    6146      0.06%     66.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                   11116      0.10%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                   12010      0.11%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                   6520      0.06%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                  1018      0.01%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 2736247     24.78%     92.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 852271      7.72%     99.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead              19308      0.17%     99.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite             12353      0.11%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  11042729                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    26319248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.workload.numSyscalls                   59                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu2.Branches                          1225834                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    5971651                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     11042729                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.data      2755582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2755582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 102776.761343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102776.761343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 100776.761343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100776.761343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.data      2742027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2742027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   1393139000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1393139000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.004919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.data        13555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   1366029000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1366029000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.004919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        13555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu2.data       864634                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       864634                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 52785.522095                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52785.522095                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 50785.522095                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50785.522095                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu2.data       825982                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        825982                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   2040266000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2040266000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.044703                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.044703                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu2.data        38652                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        38652                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   1962962000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1962962000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.044703                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044703                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        38652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        38652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data      3620216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3620216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 65765.223054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65765.223054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 63765.223054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63765.223054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu2.data      3568009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         3568009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   3433405000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3433405000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.014421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu2.data        52207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         52207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   3328991000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3328991000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.014421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        52207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        52207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data      3620216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3620216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 65765.223054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65765.223054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 63765.223054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63765.223054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu2.data      3568009                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        3568009                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   3433405000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3433405000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.014421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu2.data        52207                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        52207                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   3328991000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3328991000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.014421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        52207                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52207                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26319248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements                 51183                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          525                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          469                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            69.343498                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7292639                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data  1015.771963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data     0.991965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26319248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            52207                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7292639                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1015.771963                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            3620216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           233000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        39648                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            39648                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                    2755582                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                          905                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26319248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                     864634                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                           91                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst      7637575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7637575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 87027.004910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87027.004910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 85027.004910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85027.004910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.inst      7635131                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        7635131                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    212694000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    212694000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.inst         2444                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2444                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    207806000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    207806000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         2444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst      7637575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total      7637575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 87027.004910                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87027.004910                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 85027.004910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85027.004910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst      7635131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total         7635131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    212694000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    212694000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst         2444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          2444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    207806000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    207806000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000320                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         2444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst      7637575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total      7637575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 87027.004910                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87027.004910                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 85027.004910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85027.004910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst      7635131                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total        7635131                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    212694000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    212694000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst         2444                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         2444                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    207806000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    207806000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000320                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         2444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26319248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.replacements                  2188                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          3125.030687                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        15277594                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst   254.911476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst     0.995748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26319248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2444                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         15277594                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          254.911476                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs            7637575                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           122000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.010142                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26319248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26319248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                    7637575                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                          291                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.989858                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.numCycles                        26052325                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              25788109.062988                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             4749339                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            3541090                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       795867                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 73417                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        73417                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads              100729                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              53576                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      18274                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              264215.937012                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             10989573                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    10989573                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           22870723                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           8959437                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    2755555                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      3620179                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    864624                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                19405      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  7326923     66.35%     66.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                     415      0.00%     66.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    34769      0.31%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                   2884      0.03%     66.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                   1344      0.01%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                    6146      0.06%     66.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                   11116      0.10%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                   12010      0.11%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                   6520      0.06%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                  1018      0.01%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 2736247     24.78%     92.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 852271      7.72%     99.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead              19308      0.17%     99.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite             12353      0.11%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  11042729                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    26319248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.workload.numSyscalls                   59                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu3.Branches                          1225834                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    5971651                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     11042729                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.data      2755582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2755582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 102317.267300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102317.267300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 100317.267300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100317.267300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.data      2742013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2742013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   1388343000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1388343000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.004924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004924                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.data        13569                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13569                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   1361205000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1361205000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.004924                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004924                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data        13569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu3.data       864634                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       864634                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 53362.519800                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53362.519800                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 51362.519800                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51362.519800                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu3.data       826123                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        826123                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   2055044000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2055044000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.044540                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.044540                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu3.data        38511                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        38511                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   1978022000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1978022000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.044540                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044540                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data        38511                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        38511                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data      3620216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3620216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 66117.261905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66117.261905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 64117.261905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64117.261905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu3.data      3568136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total         3568136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   3443387000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3443387000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.014386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu3.data        52080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         52080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   3339227000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3339227000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.014386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data        52080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        52080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data      3620216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3620216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 66117.261905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66117.261905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 64117.261905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64117.261905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu3.data      3568136                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total        3568136                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   3443387000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3443387000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.014386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu3.data        52080                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        52080                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   3339227000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3339227000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.014386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data        52080                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        52080                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26319248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements                 51056                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          565                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          438                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            69.512596                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7292512                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data  1015.222769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data     0.991428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26319248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            52080                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7292512                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1015.222769                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            3620216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           240000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        39590                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total            39590                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                    2755582                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                          904                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26319248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                     864634                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                           93                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst      7637575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7637575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 90382.073523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90382.073523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 88382.073523                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88382.073523                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.inst      7635154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        7635154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    218815000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    218815000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.inst         2421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    213973000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    213973000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         2421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst      7637575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total      7637575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 90382.073523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90382.073523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 88382.073523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88382.073523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst      7635154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total         7635154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    218815000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    218815000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000317                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst         2421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          2421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    213973000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    213973000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000317                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000317                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         2421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst      7637575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total      7637575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 90382.073523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90382.073523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 88382.073523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88382.073523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst      7635154                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total        7635154                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    218815000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    218815000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000317                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst         2421                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         2421                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    213973000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    213973000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000317                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000317                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         2421                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2421                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26319248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.replacements                  2165                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          3154.719124                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        15277571                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst   254.907254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst     0.995731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26319248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2421                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         15277571                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          254.907254                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs            7637575                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           129000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.009518                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26319248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26319248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                    7637575                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                          284                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.990482                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.numCycles                        26068729                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              25820594.556867                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             4749339                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            3541090                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       795867                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                 73417                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                        73417                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads              100729                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes              53576                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      18274                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              248134.443133                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             10989573                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    10989573                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           22870723                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           8959437                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    2755555                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      3620179                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    864624                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                19405      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  7326923     66.35%     66.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                     415      0.00%     66.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    34769      0.31%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   2884      0.03%     66.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     66.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                   1344      0.01%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                    6146      0.06%     66.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     66.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                   11116      0.10%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     67.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                   12010      0.11%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                   6520      0.06%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     67.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                  1018      0.01%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     67.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 2736247     24.78%     92.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 852271      7.72%     99.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead              19308      0.17%     99.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite             12353      0.11%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  11042729                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    26319248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.workload.numSyscalls                   59                       # Number of system calls
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         7031                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       149984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         7061                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       149705                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         7076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       155597                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         7007                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       155216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                  638677                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       155456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5628864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       156096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5617408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       156416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5878720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       154944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5866880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total                 23614784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26319248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy            732842000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             7291995                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           151175832                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer2.occupancy             7317999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer3.occupancy           150932796                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer3.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer4.occupancy             7332999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer5.occupancy           156735885                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer5.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer6.occupancy             7266996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer7.occupancy           156386853                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer7.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                     3438848                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples             439891                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.352390                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.477715                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                   284878     64.76%     64.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   155013     35.24%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::3                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::4                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::5                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::6                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::7                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::8                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total               439891                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       209479                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       155013                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         424078                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           155013                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoops                            225292                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp               64197                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        208114                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            226657                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             150402                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            150402                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          64197                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks        32345                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        32345                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data        36691                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data        36548                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu2.data        38652                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu3.data        38511                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       150402                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 104175.928846                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 105197.572314                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 105726.706548                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 105833.293027                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105164.453341                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 84175.928846                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 85197.572314                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 85726.706548                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 85833.293027                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85164.453341                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu0.data        20838                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data        21060                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu2.data        26449                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu3.data        26106                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total            94453                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1651501000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1629300000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   1290183000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   1312862000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   5883846000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.432068                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.423771                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.315715                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.322116                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.371996                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data        15853                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data        15488                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu2.data        12203                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu3.data        12405                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total          55949                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1334441000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1319540000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   1046123000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   1064762000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4764866000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.432068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.423771                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.315715                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.322116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.371996                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        15853                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        15488                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        12203                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data        12405                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        55949                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst         2429                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data        13645                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst         2439                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data        13695                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst         2444                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.data        13555                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst         2421                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.data        13569                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        64197                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 106424.743444                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 111324.813812                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 105929.275362                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 110895.610005                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 107747.527632                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 110591.476539                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 109940.068493                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 110883.420139                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110483.794614                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 86424.743444                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 91324.813812                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 85929.275362                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 90895.610005                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 87747.527632                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 90591.476539                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 89940.068493                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 90883.420139                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90483.794614                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.inst          675                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data         1829                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.inst          714                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data         1941                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu2.inst          725                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu2.data         1940                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu3.inst          669                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu3.data         2049                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        10542                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    186669000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1315414000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    182728000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1303467000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    185218000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   1284520000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    192615000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   1277377000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5928008000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.722108                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.865958                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.707257                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.858269                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.703355                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.856879                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.723668                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.848994                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.835787                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.inst         1754                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data        11816                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.inst         1725                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data        11754                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.inst         1719                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.data        11615                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.inst         1752                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.data        11520                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        53655                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    151589000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1079094000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    148228000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1068387000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    150838000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   1052220000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    157575000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   1046977000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4854908000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.722108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.865958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.707257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.858269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.703355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.856879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.723668                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.848994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.835787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         1754                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        11816                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1725                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        11754                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         1719                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        11615                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         1752                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data        11520                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        53655                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       154382                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       154382                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       154382                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       154382                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst         2429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data        50336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst         2439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data        50243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst         2444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data        52207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst         2421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data        52080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          214599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 106424.743444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 107228.848169                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 105929.275362                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 107656.082520                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 107747.527632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 108099.042741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 109940.068493                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 108264.952978                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107768.457356                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 86424.743444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 87228.848169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 85929.275362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 87656.082520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 87747.527632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 88099.042741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 89940.068493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 88264.952978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87768.457356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst            675                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data          22667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst            714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data          23001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst            725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu2.data          28389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst            669                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu3.data          28155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              104995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    186669000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   2966915000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    182728000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   2932767000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    185218000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   2574703000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    192615000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   2590239000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  11811854000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.722108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.549686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.707257                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.542205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.703355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.456222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.723668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.459389                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.510739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst         1754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data        27669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst         1725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data        27242                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst         1719                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu2.data        23818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst         1752                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu3.data        23925                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            109604                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    151589000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   2413535000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    148228000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   2387927000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    150838000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   2098343000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    157575000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   2111739000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9619774000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.722108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.549686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.707257                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.542205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.703355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.456222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.723668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.459389                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.510739                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         1754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        27669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        27242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         1719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        23818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         1752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data        23925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       109604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst         2429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data        50336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst         2439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data        50243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst         2444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data        52207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst         2421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data        52080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         214599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 106424.743444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 107228.848169                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 105929.275362                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 107656.082520                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 107747.527632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 108099.042741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 109940.068493                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 108264.952978                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107768.457356                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 86424.743444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 87228.848169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 85929.275362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 87656.082520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 87747.527632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 88099.042741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 89940.068493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 88264.952978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87768.457356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst           675                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data         22667                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst           714                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data         23001                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst           725                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu2.data         28389                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst           669                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu3.data         28155                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             104995                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    186669000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   2966915000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    182728000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   2932767000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    185218000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   2574703000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    192615000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   2590239000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  11811854000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.722108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.549686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.707257                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.542205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.703355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.456222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.723668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.459389                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.510739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst         1754                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data        27669                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst         1725                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data        27242                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst         1719                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu2.data        23818                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst         1752                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu3.data        23925                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           109604                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    151589000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   2413535000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    148228000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   2387927000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    150838000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   2098343000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    157575000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   2111739000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9619774000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.722108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.549686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.707257                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.542205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.703355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.456222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.723668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.459389                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.510739                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         1754                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        27669                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        27242                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         1719                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        23818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         1752                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data        23925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       109604                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26319248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.replacements                    225292                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          990                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2349                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          647                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.707731                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             3622012                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks  1993.404963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst    32.104167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data   500.381317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst    33.472365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data   477.579671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst    32.628190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data   502.042543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst    34.596080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data   473.164620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.486671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.007838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.122163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.008172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.116597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst     0.007966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data     0.122569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst     0.008446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data     0.115519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26319248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               229388                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              3622012                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             4079.373918                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 391733                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                86000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          53732                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                53732                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      161135.44                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 36632.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     53732.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples      1754.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples     27510.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples      1725.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples     27059.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu2.inst::samples      1719.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu2.data::samples     23622.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu3.inst::samples      1752.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu3.data::samples     23712.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      17882.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        264.70                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     266.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.19                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        130.61                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     130.66                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.31                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          3.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      2.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     1.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst      4265167                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst      4194649                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu2.inst      4180059                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu3.inst      4260304                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          16900179                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu0.inst           4265167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu0.data          67282166                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu1.inst           4194649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu1.data          66243838                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu2.inst           4180059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu2.data          57917764                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu3.inst           4260304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu3.data          58177954                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              266521901                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       130659052                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu0.inst          4265167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu0.data         67282166                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu1.inst          4194649                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu1.data         66243838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu2.inst          4180059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu2.data         57917764                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu3.inst          4260304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu3.data         58177954                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             397180953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       130659052                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             130659052                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        60710                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     171.362082                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    107.756347                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    229.697207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         38672     63.70%     63.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11563     19.05%     82.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3271      5.39%     88.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1696      2.79%     90.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1329      2.19%     93.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          749      1.23%     94.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          573      0.94%     95.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          448      0.74%     96.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2409      3.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         60710                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 6966592                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  7014656                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    48064                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  3437440                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               3438848                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst       112256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst       110400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu2.inst       110016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu3.inst       112128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         444800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst         112256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu0.data        1770816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst         110400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu1.data        1743488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu2.inst         110016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu2.data        1524352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu3.inst         112128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu3.data        1531200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             7014656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      3438848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          3438848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst         1754                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data        27669                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst         1725                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data        27242                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.inst         1719                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.data        23818                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.inst         1752                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.data        23925                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     34971.92                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     35839.35                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst     34487.97                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data     36269.28                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.inst     36294.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.data     36720.35                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.inst     38490.58                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.data     36891.34                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst       112256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data      1760640                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst       110400                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data      1731776                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.inst       110016                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.data      1511808                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.inst       112128                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.data      1517568                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 4265167.454632442445                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 66895528.322085797787                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 4194648.722486295737                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 65798840.453192278743                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu2.inst 4180058.639973300043                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu2.data 57441154.853664509952                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu3.inst 4260304.093794777058                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu3.data 57660006.091359451413                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst     61340752                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data    991638975                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst     59491753                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data    988047697                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.inst     62390254                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.data    874605289                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.inst     67435503                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.data    882625343                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        53732                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  11397329.84                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      3437440                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 130605555.295500844717                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 612401327050                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          3065                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               272406                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               50739                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          3065                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu0.inst            1754                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu0.data           27669                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu1.inst            1725                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu1.data           27242                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu2.inst            1719                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu2.data           23818                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu3.inst            1752                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu3.data           23925                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               109604                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         53732                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               53732                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     62.64                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               4567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               4786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              10859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               5777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               3929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               4291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              14219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               5376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               4167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               3784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             10714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              5573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              4708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              4474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             14535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              7094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               7793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               2255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              10941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              7488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              2691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             10747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              3545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001677524500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26319248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         3065                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       35.507667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      22.966581                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     111.947212                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           3039     99.15%     99.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           23      0.75%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            2      0.07%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           3065                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    83198                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                    21278                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                     3896                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                      481                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     109604                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 109604                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       109604                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  52.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     57358                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     751                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   544265000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    26319218000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               3987575566                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1946581816                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         3065                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.523654                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.480069                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.240175                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              1012     33.02%     33.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               143      4.67%     37.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              1407     45.91%     83.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19               343     11.19%     94.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20               123      4.01%     98.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::21                30      0.98%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::22                 7      0.23%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           3065                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                    1817                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                    2041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    2888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    3124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    3136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    3164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    3157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    3136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    3153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    3153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    3186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    3216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    3099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    3114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    3100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    3074                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    3079                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    3068                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     53732                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 53732                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       53732                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    44493                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy            8783121450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy                 218062740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             548.118980                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    6952136351                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF      878800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    18488311649                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy            2710278720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                 115895505                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy                384160560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          2077483200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy                 0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy             14426079375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime                     0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy               137077200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy            9133448010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy                 215420940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             550.640992                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    6187962882                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF      878800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    19252485118                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy            2415266880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                 114498945                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy                393049860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          2077483200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy                 0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy             14492456835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime                     0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy               143289000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       321832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::total       321832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 321832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     10453504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::total     10453504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                10453504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26319248000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy           470070043                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          593447455                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            109604                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  109604    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              109604                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       102624                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        212228                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              53655                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        53732                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            48892                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             55949                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            55949                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         53655                       # Transaction distribution

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
