
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               186019724000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 345831                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 810888                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   590652                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   452.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              411329742                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   156398388                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     267116170                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.186020                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                186019724000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu0.Branches                         11271693                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   50000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     93416416                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data     10895037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10895037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 114831.795553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114831.795553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 112831.795553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112831.795553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data     10879972                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10879972                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1729941000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1729941000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.001383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data        15065                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        15065                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1699811000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1699811000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.001383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        15065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data      7274294                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7274294                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 140758.326626                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 140758.326626                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 138758.326626                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 138758.326626                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data      7222112                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7222112                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   7345051000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7345051000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.007173                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007173                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data        52182                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        52182                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   7240687000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7240687000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.007173                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007173                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        52182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        52182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data     18169331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18169331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 134950.139040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 134950.139040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 132950.139040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 132950.139040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data     18102084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        18102084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   9074992000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9074992000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data        67247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         67247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   8940498000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8940498000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        67247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        67247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data     18169331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18169331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 134950.139040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 134950.139040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 132950.139040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 132950.139040                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data     18102084                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       18102084                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   9074992000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9074992000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data        67247                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        67247                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   8940498000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8940498000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        67247                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        67247                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186019724000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                 66223                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          763                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           270.187979                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        36405909                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data  1019.958827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.996054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186019724000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            67247                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         36405909                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.958827                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           18169331                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           220000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        62734                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            62734                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10895037                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         9262                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186019724000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7274294                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          903                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst     67564204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     67564204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 26890.298798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26890.298798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 24890.298798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24890.298798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst     67338500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       67338500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   6069248000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6069248000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       225704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5617840000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5617840000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       225704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst     67564204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     67564204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 26890.298798                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26890.298798                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 24890.298798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24890.298798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst     67338500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        67338500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   6069248000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6069248000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        225704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5617840000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5617840000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst     67564204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     67564204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 26890.298798                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26890.298798                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 24890.298798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24890.298798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst     67338500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       67338500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   6069248000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6069248000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       225704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5617840000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5617840000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       225704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186019724000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                225451                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           299.348722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       135354112                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   252.703403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.987123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186019724000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           225704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        135354112                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          252.703403                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           67564204                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           107000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186019724000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186019724000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                   67564204                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          143                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.numCycles                       186019724                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                 186019724                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            57999789                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           29711192                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      9157455                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses               1222432                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                      1222432                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads             1373816                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes             922801                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     950822                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             92671260                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    92671260                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          179379720                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          74049566                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   10889359                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     18163650                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   7274291                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               166650      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 74178542     79.41%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  223387      0.24%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                       21      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                 117293      0.13%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                     374      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                     100      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                  110402      0.12%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                 455811      0.49%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                   186      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                10590223     11.34%     91.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                7085002      7.58%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead             299136      0.32%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite            189289      0.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  93416416                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   186019724000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.Branches                         11268257                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   49985238                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     93388544                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     10891908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10891908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 116835.268846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116835.268846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 114835.268846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114835.268846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data     10877011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10877011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1740495000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1740495000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.001368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data        14897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1710701000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1710701000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.001368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        14897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data      7272175                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7272175                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 141418.290768                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 141418.290768                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 139418.290768                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 139418.290768                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data      7219941                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7219941                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   7386843000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7386843000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.007183                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007183                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data        52234                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        52234                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   7282375000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7282375000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.007183                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007183                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        52234                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        52234                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data     18164083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18164083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 135963.087098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 135963.087098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 133963.087098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133963.087098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data     18096952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        18096952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   9127338000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9127338000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.003696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data        67131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         67131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   8993076000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8993076000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.003696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        67131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        67131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data     18164083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18164083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 135963.087098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 135963.087098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 133963.087098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133963.087098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data     18096952                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       18096952                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   9127338000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9127338000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.003696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data        67131                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        67131                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   8993076000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8993076000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.003696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        67131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        67131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186019724000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                 66107                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          761                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           270.576678                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        36395297                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data  1019.982071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.996076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186019724000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            67131                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         36395297                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.982071                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           18164083                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           283000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        62880                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            62880                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                   10891908                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                         9257                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186019724000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                    7272175                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                          903                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst     67544309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     67544309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 26887.086124                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26887.086124                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 24887.086124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24887.086124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst     67318668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       67318668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   6066829000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6066829000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst       225641                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       225641                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   5615547000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5615547000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst       225641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       225641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst     67544309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     67544309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 26887.086124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26887.086124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 24887.086124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24887.086124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst     67318668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        67318668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   6066829000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6066829000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst       225641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        225641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   5615547000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5615547000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst       225641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       225641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst     67544309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     67544309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 26887.086124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26887.086124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 24887.086124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24887.086124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst     67318668                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       67318668                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   6066829000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6066829000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst       225641                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       225641                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   5615547000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5615547000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst       225641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       225641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186019724000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                225388                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           299.344131                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       135314259                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   252.703181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.987122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186019724000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           225641                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        135314259                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          252.703181                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           67544309                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           156000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186019724000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186019724000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                   67544309                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                          147                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.numCycles                       186019724                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                 186019724                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            57982193                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           29702417                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      9154654                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses               1222088                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                      1222088                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads             1373432                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes             922541                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     950542                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             92643600                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    92643600                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          179326570                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          74027475                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   10886232                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     18158404                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   7272172                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               166601      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 74156227     79.41%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                  223317      0.24%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                       21      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                 117259      0.13%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                     374      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                     100      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                  110372      0.12%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                 455683      0.49%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                   186      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                10587180     11.34%     91.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                7082937      7.58%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead             299052      0.32%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite            189235      0.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  93388544                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   186019724000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu2.Branches                          2151268                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   28198701                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     40144583                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.data      6037636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6037636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 128637.969635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128637.969635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 126637.972266                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126637.972266                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.data      5277418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        5277418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  97792900000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  97792900000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.125913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.125913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.data       760218                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       760218                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  96272466000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  96272466000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.125913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data       760218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       760218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu2.data      1875500                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1875500                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 90426.070935                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90426.070935                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 88426.070935                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88426.070935                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu2.data      1873329                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1873329                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data    196315000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    196315000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.001158                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001158                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu2.data         2171                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2171                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data    191973000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    191973000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.001158                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001158                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data         2171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data      7913136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      7913136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 128529.156376                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128529.156376                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 126529.158999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126529.158999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu2.data      7150747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         7150747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  97989215000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  97989215000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.096345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu2.data       762389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        762389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  96464439000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  96464439000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.096345                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096345                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data       762389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       762389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data      7913136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      7913136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 128529.156376                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128529.156376                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 126529.158999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126529.158999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu2.data      7150747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        7150747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  97989215000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  97989215000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.096345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu2.data       762389                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       762389                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  96464439000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  96464439000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.096345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data       762389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       762389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186019724000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements                761364                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          902                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.379407                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        16588660                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data  1022.695035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data     0.998726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186019724000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           762388                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         16588660                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.695035                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            7913135                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           298000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks       750393                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           750393                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                    6037636                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                        12506                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186019724000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                    1875500                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                           57                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst     36779898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     36779898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 81624.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81624.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 79624.470588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79624.470588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.inst     36777773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       36777773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    173452000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    173452000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.inst         2125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    169202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    169202000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         2125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst     36779898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     36779898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 81624.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81624.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 79624.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79624.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst     36777773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        36777773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    173452000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    173452000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst         2125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          2125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    169202000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    169202000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         2125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst     36779898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     36779898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 81624.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81624.470588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 79624.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79624.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst     36777773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       36777773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    173452000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    173452000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst         2125                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         2125                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    169202000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    169202000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         2125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186019724000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.replacements                  1869                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         17308.187294                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        73561921                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst   255.809856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst     0.999257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186019724000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2125                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         73561921                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.809856                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           36779898                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           171000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186019724000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186019724000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                   36779898                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                          233                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.numCycles                       186019669                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                 186019669                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads            11452393                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes           21831236                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      1260162                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 69763                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        69763                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               96543                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              51076                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      17684                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             40093286                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    40093286                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           82440142                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          36126686                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    6037613                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      7913107                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   1875494                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                18860      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 32138983     80.06%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                      27      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    34400      0.09%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                   2710      0.01%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                   1088      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                    5968      0.01%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                   10785      0.03%     80.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                   11614      0.03%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                   6254      0.02%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                   787      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 6019399     14.99%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                1863815      4.64%     99.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead              18214      0.05%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite             11679      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  40144583                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   186019724000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu3.Branches                          2152360                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   28214449                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     40166627                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.data      6040978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6040978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 128511.401448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128511.401448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 126511.404077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126511.404077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.data      5280329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        5280329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  97752069000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  97752069000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.125915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.125915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.data       760649                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       760649                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  96230773000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  96230773000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.125915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       760649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       760649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu3.data      1876528                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1876528                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 93077.413033                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93077.413033                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 91077.413033                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91077.413033                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu3.data      1874487                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1874487                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    189971000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    189971000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.001088                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001088                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu3.data         2041                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2041                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    185889000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    185889000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.001088                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001088                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data         2041                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2041                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data      7917506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total      7917506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 128416.578164                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128416.578164                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 126416.580786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126416.580786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu3.data      7154816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total         7154816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  97942040000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  97942040000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.096330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu3.data       762690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total        762690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  96416662000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  96416662000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.096330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       762690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       762690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data      7917506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total      7917506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 128416.578164                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128416.578164                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 126416.580786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126416.580786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu3.data      7154816                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total        7154816                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  97942040000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  97942040000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.096330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu3.data       762690                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total       762690                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  96416662000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  96416662000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.096330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       762690                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       762690                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186019724000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements                761665                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          901                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.381040                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        16597701                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data  1022.741634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data     0.998771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186019724000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           762689                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         16597701                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.741634                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            7917505                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           290000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks       750698                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           750698                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                    6040978                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                        12517                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186019724000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                    1876528                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                           57                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst     36800402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     36800402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 81034.971645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81034.971645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 79034.971645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79034.971645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.inst     36798286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       36798286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    171470000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    171470000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.inst         2116                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2116                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    167238000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    167238000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         2116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst     36800402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     36800402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 81034.971645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81034.971645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 79034.971645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79034.971645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst     36798286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        36798286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    171470000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    171470000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst         2116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          2116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    167238000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    167238000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         2116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst     36800402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     36800402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 81034.971645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81034.971645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 79034.971645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79034.971645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst     36798286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       36798286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    171470000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    171470000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst         2116                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         2116                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    167238000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    167238000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         2116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186019724000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.replacements                  1860                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         17391.494329                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        73602920                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst   255.810203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst     0.999259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186019724000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2116                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         73602920                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.810203                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           36800402                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           163000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186019724000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186019724000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                   36800402                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                          233                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.numCycles                       186019676                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                 186019676                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            11457983                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           21843320                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      1260740                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                 69763                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                        69763                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               96543                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes              51076                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      17684                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             40115330                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    40115330                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           82485582                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          36146610                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    6040955                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      7917477                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1876522                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                18860      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 32156657     80.06%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                      27      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    34400      0.09%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   2710      0.01%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                   1088      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                    5968      0.01%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                   10785      0.03%     80.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                   11614      0.03%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                   6254      0.02%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                   787      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 6022741     14.99%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1864843      4.64%     99.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead              18214      0.05%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite             11679      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  40166627                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   186019724000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       676859                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       200717                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       676670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       200369                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         6119                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2286141                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         6092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2287044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                 6340011                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     14445056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8318784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     14441024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8320704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       136000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     96817984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       135424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     96856768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total                239471744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186019724000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           7478380000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           677113998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           201805935                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer2.occupancy           676926996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer3.occupancy           201476916                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer3.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer4.occupancy             6379995                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer5.occupancy          2288818344                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer5.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer6.occupancy             6351996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer7.occupancy          2289681384                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer7.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                   103374720                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            3998183                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.062399                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.241879                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  3748701     93.76%     93.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   249482      6.24%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::3                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::4                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::5                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::6                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::7                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::8                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total              3998183                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            2                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2109927                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       249480                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        4224970                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           249480                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoops                           1883140                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             2006413                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       3241935                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            751132                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             108628                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            108628                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        2006415                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks        12097                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        12097                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data        52182                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data        52234                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu2.data         2171                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu3.data         2041                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       108628                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 136724.768514                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 137520.154664                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 104892.621476                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 104057.038835                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 136108.877879                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 116724.768514                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 117520.154664                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 84892.621476                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 84057.038835                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116108.877879                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu0.data          451                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data          509                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu2.data          504                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu3.data          393                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total             1857                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   7072909000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   7113230000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data    174856000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    171486000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  14532481000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.991357                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.990255                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.767849                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.807447                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.982905                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data        51731                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data        51725                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu2.data         1667                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu3.data         1648                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total         106771                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   6038289000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   6078730000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data    141516000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    138526000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12397061000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.991357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.990255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.767849                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.807447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.982905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        51731                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        51725                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data         1667                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data         1648                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       106771                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data        15065                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst       225641                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data        14897                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst         2125                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.data       760218                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst         2116                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.data       760649                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      2006415                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 118314.731021                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 121636.418360                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 118888.268156                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 123403.588462                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 107195.477753                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 123911.792055                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 105854.956268                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 123774.735457                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123776.537372                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 98314.731021                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 101636.418360                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 98888.268156                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 103403.588462                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 87195.477753                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 103911.818435                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 85854.956268                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 103774.761819                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103776.563178                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.inst       223715                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data         1775                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.inst       223672                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data         1688                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu2.inst          754                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu2.data         2055                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu3.inst          744                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu3.data         1981                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       456384                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    235328000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1616548000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    234091000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1630038000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    146965000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  93945336000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    145233000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  93903931000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 191857470000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.008812                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.882177                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.008726                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.886689                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.645176                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.997297                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.648393                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.997396                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.772538                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.inst         1989                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data        13290                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.inst         1969                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data        13209                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.inst         1371                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.data       758163                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.inst         1372                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.data       758668                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      1550031                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    195548000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1350748000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    194711000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1365858000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    119545000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  78782096000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    117793000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  78730591000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 160856890000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.008812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.882177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.008726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.886689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.645176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.997297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.648393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.997396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.772538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         1989                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        13290                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1969                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        13209                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         1371                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data       758163                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         1372                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       758668                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      1550031                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      1626705                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1626705                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      1626705                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1626705                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data        67247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst       225641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data        67131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst         2125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data       762389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst         2116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data       762690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         2115043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 118314.731021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 133640.777595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 118888.268156                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 134648.535436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 107195.477753                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 123870.065673                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 105854.956268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 123731.996959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124571.283110                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 98314.731021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 113640.777595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 98888.268156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 114648.535436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 87195.477753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 103870.091994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 85854.956268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 103732.023264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104571.307253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst         223715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data           2226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst         223672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data           2197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst            754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu2.data           2559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst            744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu3.data           2374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              458241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    235328000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   8689457000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    234091000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   8743268000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    146965000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  94120192000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    145233000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  94075417000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total 206389951000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.008812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.966898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.008726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.967273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.645176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.996643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.648393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.996887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.783342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst         1989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data        65021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst         1969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data        64934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst         1371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu2.data       759830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst         1372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu3.data       760316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total           1656802                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    195548000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   7389037000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    194711000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   7444588000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    119545000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  78923612000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    117793000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  78869117000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 173253951000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.008812                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.966898                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.008726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.967273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.645176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.996643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.648393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.996887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.783342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         1989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        65021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        64934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         1371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data       759830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         1372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       760316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1656802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data        67247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst       225641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data        67131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst         2125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data       762389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst         2116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data       762690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total        2115043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 118314.731021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 133640.777595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 118888.268156                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 134648.535436                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 107195.477753                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 123870.065673                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 105854.956268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 123731.996959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124571.283110                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 98314.731021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 113640.777595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 98888.268156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 114648.535436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 87195.477753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 103870.091994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 85854.956268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 103732.023264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104571.307253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst        223715                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data          2226                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst        223672                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data          2197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst           754                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu2.data          2559                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst           744                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu3.data          2374                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             458241                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    235328000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   8689457000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    234091000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   8743268000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    146965000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  94120192000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    145233000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  94075417000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total 206389951000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.008812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.966898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.008726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.967273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.645176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.996643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.648393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.996887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.783342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst         1989                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data        65021                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst         1969                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data        64934                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst         1371                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu2.data       759830                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst         1372                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu3.data       760316                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total          1656802                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    195548000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   7389037000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    194711000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   7444588000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    119545000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  78923612000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    117793000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  78869117000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 173253951000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.008812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.966898                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.008726                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.967273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.645176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.996643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.648393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.996887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.783342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         1989                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        65021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        64934                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         1371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data       759830                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         1372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       760316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1656802                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186019724000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.replacements                   1883140                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          826                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.227461                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses            69490820                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   641.839976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst    13.158678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data   210.085483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst    13.234620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data   208.887838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst     6.525281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data  3299.405527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst     6.901476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data  3778.347356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.078350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.001606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.025645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.001616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.025499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst     0.000797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data     0.402759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst     0.000842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data     0.461224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186019724000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              1891332                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses             69490820                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             8178.386235                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                4212869                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                86000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks        1615230                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total              1615230                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       56851.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 52917.11                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   1615230.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples      1989.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples     65018.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples      1969.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples     64929.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu2.inst::samples      1371.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu2.data::samples    759826.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu3.inst::samples      1372.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu3.data::samples    760313.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      34167.11                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        570.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     570.02                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.85                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        555.71                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     555.72                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst       684315                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst       677434                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu2.inst       471692                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu3.inst       472036                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           2305476                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu0.inst            684315                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu0.data          22370445                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu1.inst            677434                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu1.data          22340513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu2.inst            471692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu2.data         261418816                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu3.inst            472036                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu3.data         261586024                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              570021274                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       555719134                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu0.inst           684315                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu0.data         22370445                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu1.inst           677434                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu1.data         22340513                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu2.inst           471692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu2.data        261418816                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu3.inst           472036                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu3.data        261586024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1125740408                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       555719134                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             555719134                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples      2261949                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean      92.578116                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     80.200759                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     64.426036                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127       1800850     79.61%     79.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255       284764     12.59%     92.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383       170905      7.56%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4154      0.18%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          823      0.04%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          177      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           70      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           65      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          141      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total       2261949                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM               106034368                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                106035328                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                103372928                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys             103374720                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst       127296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst       126016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu2.inst        87744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu3.inst        87808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         428864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst         127296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu0.data        4161344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst         126016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu1.data        4155776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu2.inst          87744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu2.data       48629056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu3.inst          87808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu3.data       48660160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total           106035200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks    103374720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total        103374720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst         1989                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data        65021                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst         1969                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data        64934                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.inst         1371                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.data       759830                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.inst         1372                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.data       760316                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     46769.99                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     62075.78                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst     47356.15                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data     63083.11                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.inst     35779.72                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.data     52217.19                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.inst     34419.28                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.data     52058.85                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst       127296                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data      4161152                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst       126016                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data      4155456                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.inst        87744                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.data     48628864                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.inst        87808                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.data     48660032                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 684314.530001130421                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 22369412.826351683587                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 677433.539251998882                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 22338792.417518049479                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu2.inst 471691.915852966195                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu2.data 261417783.847480595112                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu3.inst 472035.965390422789                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu3.data 261585335.972221970558                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst     93025501                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data   4036229391                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst     93244252                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data   4096238881                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.inst     49054000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.data  39676184691                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.inst     47223250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.data  39581177399                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      1615230                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2765651.51                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks    103372928                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 555709500.998937129974                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 4467163286878                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         89567                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              4802958                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState             1527882                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         89567                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu0.inst            1989                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu0.data           65021                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu1.inst            1969                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu1.data           64934                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu2.inst            1371                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu2.data          759829                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu3.inst            1372                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu3.data          760315                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total              1656800                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks       1615230                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total             1615230                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     30.87                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0             103274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1             102483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2             103555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3             103559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4             107863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5             104206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6             102539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7             102928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8             102544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9             104009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10            103623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11            103966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12            103431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13            103311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14            102930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15            102566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0             100884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1             100347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2             101088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3             101107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4             101121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5             100982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6             101141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7             101180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8             101062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9             100950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10            100967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11            100921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12            101180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13            100740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14            100739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15            100793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000424908750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186019724000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        89567                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       18.497560                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      18.189523                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      29.097507                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          89566    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          89567                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   892609                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                   716633                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                    42452                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                     5093                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                    1656802                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                1656802                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                      1656802                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                   2.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     37640                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  8283935000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   186019676000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              87672377365                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                   56607621115                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        89567                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       18.033450                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.988871                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.269810                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             16347     18.25%     18.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              5119      5.72%     23.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             38166     42.61%     66.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19             22766     25.42%     92.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20              4757      5.31%     97.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::21              1614      1.80%     99.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::22               481      0.54%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::23               183      0.20%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::24                99      0.11%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::25                28      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::26                 6      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::28                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          89567                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   65030                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   71329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   83770                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   88459                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   90253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   91568                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   92547                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   93956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   94148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   94504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   95126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   97388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   94341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   96704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   95680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   89942                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   89803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   89795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                     688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                     134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                      37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                   1615230                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6               1615230                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                     1615230                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 60.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   972395                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy           83214585000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy                8165182620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             655.337089                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     627556746                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF     6211400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   179180767254                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy            1356134400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                4339889895                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy               5929105980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          14683749600.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy                 0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy            121905624495                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime                     0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy              4216977000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy           83053084620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy                7985168940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             653.549340                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     746374502                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF     6211400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   179061949498                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy            1492134720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                4244206560                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy               5900346060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          14683749600.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy                 0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy            121573067940                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime                     0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy              4214377440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4959359                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::total      4959359                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                4959359                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    209409920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::total    209409920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               209409920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186019724000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy          9795086361                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               5.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         9338301192                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1656802                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1656802    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1656802                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1645757                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       3302559                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1550029                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1615230                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            30527                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            106771                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           106771                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       1550031                       # Transaction distribution

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
