
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               186058435000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 361867                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 840512                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   574927                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   372.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              500096763                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   134630750                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     213898666                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.186058                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                186058435000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu0.Branches                         11271693                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   50000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     93416416                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data     10895037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10895037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 119706.287977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119706.287977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 117706.287977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117706.287977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data     10880390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10880390                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1753338000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1753338000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.001344                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001344                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data        14647                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14647                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1724044000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1724044000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.001344                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001344                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        14647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data      7274294                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7274294                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 143221.220527                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 143221.220527                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 141221.220527                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 141221.220527                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data      7222382                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7222382                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   7434900000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7434900000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.007136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data        51912                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        51912                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   7331076000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7331076000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.007136                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007136                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        51912                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        51912                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data     18169331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18169331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 138046.515122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138046.515122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 136046.515122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 136046.515122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data     18102772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        18102772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   9188238000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9188238000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data        66559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         66559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   9055120000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9055120000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        66559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        66559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data     18169331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18169331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 138046.515122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138046.515122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 136046.515122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 136046.515122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data     18102772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       18102772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   9188238000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9188238000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data        66559                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        66559                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   9055120000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9055120000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        66559                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66559                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186058435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                 65535                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          748                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           272.980829                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        36405221                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data  1020.361509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.996447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186058435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            66559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         36405221                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.361509                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           18169331                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           220000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        61928                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            61928                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10895037                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         9271                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186058435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7274294                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          907                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst     67564204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     67564204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 26553.968915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26553.968915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 24553.968915                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24553.968915                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst     67338500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       67338500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5993337000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5993337000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       225704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5541929000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5541929000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       225704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst     67564204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     67564204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 26553.968915                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26553.968915                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 24553.968915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24553.968915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst     67338500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        67338500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5993337000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5993337000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        225704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5541929000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5541929000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst     67564204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     67564204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 26553.968915                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26553.968915                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 24553.968915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24553.968915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst     67338500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       67338500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5993337000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5993337000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       225704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5541929000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5541929000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       225704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186058435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                225451                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           299.348722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       135354112                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   252.706837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.987136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186058435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           225704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        135354112                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          252.706837                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           67564204                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           107000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186058435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186058435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                   67564204                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          137                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.numCycles                       186058435                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                 186058435                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            57999789                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           29711192                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      9157455                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses               1222432                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                      1222432                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads             1373816                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes             922801                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     950822                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             92671260                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    92671260                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          179379720                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          74049566                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   10889359                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     18163650                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   7274291                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               166650      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 74178542     79.41%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  223387      0.24%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                       21      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                 117293      0.13%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                     374      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                     100      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                  110402      0.12%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                 455811      0.49%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                   186      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                10590223     11.34%     91.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                7085002      7.58%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead             299136      0.32%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite            189289      0.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  93416416                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   186058435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.Branches                          2153148                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   28225821                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     40182543                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data      6043391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6043391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 128445.068172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128445.068172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 126445.070800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126445.070800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data      5282375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        5282375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  97748752000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  97748752000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.125925                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.125925                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data       761016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       761016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  96226722000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  96226722000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.125925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       761016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       761016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data      1877270                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1877270                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 94638.006839                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94638.006839                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 92638.006839                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92638.006839                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data      1875223                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1875223                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    193724000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    193724000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.001090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data         2047                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2047                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    189630000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    189630000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.001090                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001090                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data         2047                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2047                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data      7920661                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      7920661                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 128354.377030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128354.377030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 126354.379651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126354.379651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data      7157598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         7157598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  97942476000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  97942476000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.096338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data       763063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        763063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  96416352000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  96416352000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.096338                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096338                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       763063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       763063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data      7920661                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      7920661                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 128354.377030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128354.377030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 126354.379651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126354.379651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data      7157598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        7157598                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  97942476000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  97942476000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.096338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data       763063                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       763063                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  96416352000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  96416352000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.096338                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096338                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       763063                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       763063                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186058435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                762038                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          903                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.380100                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        16604384                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data  1022.841824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.998869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186058435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           763062                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         16604384                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.841824                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            7920660                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           227000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks       750927                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           750927                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                    6043391                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                        12529                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186058435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                    1877270                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                           61                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst     36815208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     36815208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 83669.544365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83669.544365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 81669.544365                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81669.544365                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst     36813123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       36813123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    174451000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    174451000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst         2085                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2085                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    170281000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    170281000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         2085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst     36815208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     36815208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 83669.544365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83669.544365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 81669.544365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81669.544365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst     36813123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        36813123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    174451000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    174451000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst         2085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          2085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    170281000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    170281000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         2085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst     36815208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     36815208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 83669.544365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83669.544365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 81669.544365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81669.544365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst     36813123                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       36813123                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    174451000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    174451000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst         2085                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         2085                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    170281000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    170281000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         2085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186058435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                  1829                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         17657.174101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        73632501                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   255.846619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.999401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186058435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2085                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         73632501                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.846619                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           36815208                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           113000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186058435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186058435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                   36815208                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                          242                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.numCycles                       186058331                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                 186058331                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            11462018                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           21852046                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1261157                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                 69763                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                        69763                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               96543                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              51076                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                      17684                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             40131246                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    40131246                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           82518392                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          36160996                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    6043368                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      7920632                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   1877264                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                18860      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 32169418     80.06%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                      27      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    34400      0.09%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   2710      0.01%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                   1088      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                    5968      0.01%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                   10785      0.03%     80.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                   11614      0.03%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                   6254      0.02%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                   787      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 6025154     14.99%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                1865585      4.64%     99.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead              18214      0.05%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite             11679      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  40182543                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   186058435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu2.Branches                          2152303                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   28213612                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     40165460                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.data      6040801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6040801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 128521.088332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128521.088332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 126521.090960                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126521.090960                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.data      5279930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        5279930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  97787969000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  97787969000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.125955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.125955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.data       760871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       760871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  96266229000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  96266229000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.125955                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125955                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data       760871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       760871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu2.data      1876474                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1876474                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 91294.588235                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91294.588235                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 89294.588235                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89294.588235                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu2.data      1874349                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1874349                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data    194001000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    194001000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.001132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu2.data         2125                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2125                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data    189751000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    189751000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.001132                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001132                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data         2125                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2125                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data      7917275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      7917275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 128417.409790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128417.409790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 126417.412411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126417.412411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu2.data      7154279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         7154279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  97981970000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  97981970000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.096371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu2.data       762996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        762996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  96455980000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  96455980000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.096371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data       762996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       762996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data      7917275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      7917275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 128417.409790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128417.409790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 126417.412411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126417.412411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu2.data      7154279                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        7154279                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  97981970000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  97981970000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.096371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu2.data       762996                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       762996                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  96455980000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  96455980000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.096371                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096371                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data       762996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       762996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186058435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements                761971                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          902                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.376574                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        16597545                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data  1022.830582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data     0.998858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186058435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           762995                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         16597545                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.830582                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            7917274                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           235000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks       750761                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           750761                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                    6040801                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                        12518                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186058435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                    1876474                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                           60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst     36799313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     36799313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 83492.537313                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83492.537313                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 81492.537313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81492.537313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.inst     36797236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       36797236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    173414000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    173414000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000056                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.inst         2077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2077                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    169260000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    169260000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         2077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst     36799313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     36799313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 83492.537313                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83492.537313                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 81492.537313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81492.537313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst     36797236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        36797236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    173414000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    173414000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst         2077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          2077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    169260000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    169260000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         2077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst     36799313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     36799313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 83492.537313                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83492.537313                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 81492.537313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81492.537313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst     36797236                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       36797236                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    173414000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    173414000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst         2077                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         2077                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    169260000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    169260000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.000056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         2077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186058435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.replacements                  1821                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         17717.531536                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        73600703                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst   255.846752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst     0.999401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186058435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2077                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         73600703                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.846752                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           36799313                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           120000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186058435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186058435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                   36799313                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                          239                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.numCycles                       186058376                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                 186058376                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads            11457689                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes           21842678                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      1260710                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 69763                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        69763                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               96543                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              51076                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      17684                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             40114163                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    40114163                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           82483173                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          36145554                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    6040778                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      7917246                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   1876468                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                18860      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 32155721     80.06%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                      27      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    34400      0.09%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                   2710      0.01%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                   1088      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                    5968      0.01%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                   10785      0.03%     80.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                   11614      0.03%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                   6254      0.02%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                   787      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 6022564     14.99%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                1864789      4.64%     99.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead              18214      0.05%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite             11679      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  40165460                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   186058435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu3.Branches                          2150756                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   28191317                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     40134247                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.data      6036069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6036069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 128778.946080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128778.946080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 126778.948712                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126778.948712                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.data      5276182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        5276182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  97857447000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  97857447000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.125891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.125891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.data       759887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       759887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  96337675000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  96337675000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.125891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       759887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       759887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu3.data      1875018                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1875018                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 90350.165172                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90350.165172                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 88350.165172                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88350.165172                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu3.data      1872899                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1872899                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    191452000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    191452000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.001130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu3.data         2119                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2119                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    187214000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    187214000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.001130                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001130                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data         2119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data      7911087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total      7911087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 128672.082635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128672.082635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 126672.085259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126672.085259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu3.data      7149081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total         7149081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  98048899000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  98048899000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.096321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu3.data       762006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total        762006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  96524889000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  96524889000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.096321                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096321                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       762006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       762006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data      7911087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total      7911087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 128672.082635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128672.082635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 126672.085259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126672.085259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu3.data      7149081                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total        7149081                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  98048899000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  98048899000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.096321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu3.data       762006                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total       762006                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  96524889000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  96524889000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.096321                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096321                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       762006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       762006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186058435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements                760981                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          903                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.381935                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        16584179                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data  1022.787398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data     0.998816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186058435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           762005                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         16584179                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.787398                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            7911086                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           242000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks       749998                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           749998                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                    6036069                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                        12512                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186058435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                    1875018                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                           59                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst     36770284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     36770284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 82517.680339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82517.680339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 80517.680339                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80517.680339                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.inst     36768163                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       36768163                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    175020000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    175020000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.inst         2121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    170778000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    170778000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         2121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst     36770284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     36770284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 82517.680339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82517.680339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 80517.680339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80517.680339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst     36768163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        36768163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    175020000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    175020000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst         2121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          2121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    170778000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    170778000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         2121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst     36770284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     36770284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 82517.680339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82517.680339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 80517.680339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80517.680339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst     36768163                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       36768163                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    175020000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    175020000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst         2121                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         2121                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    170778000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    170778000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         2121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186058435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.replacements                  1865                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         17336.296087                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        73542689                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst   255.846570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst     0.999401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186058435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2121                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         73542689                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.846570                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           36770284                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           128000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186058435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186058435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                   36770284                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                          238                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.numCycles                       186058369                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                 186058369                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            11449772                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           21825570                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      1259891                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                 69763                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                        69763                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               96543                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes              51076                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      17684                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             40082950                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    40082950                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           82418836                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          36117344                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    6036046                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      7911058                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1875012                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                18860      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 32130696     80.06%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                      27      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    34400      0.09%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   2710      0.01%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                   1088      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                    5968      0.01%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                   10785      0.03%     80.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                   11614      0.03%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                   6254      0.02%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                   787      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 6017832     14.99%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1863333      4.64%     99.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead              18214      0.05%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite             11679      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  40134247                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   186058435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       676859                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       198653                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         5999                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2288163                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         5975                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2287962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         6107                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2284992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                 7754710                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     14445056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8223168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       133440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     96895296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       132928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     96880384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       135744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     96768192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total                313614208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186058435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           9795330000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                5.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           677112999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           199682994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer2.occupancy             6259995                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer3.occupancy          2289986199                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer3.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer4.occupancy             6237993                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer5.occupancy          2289786198                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer5.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer6.occupancy             6366996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer7.occupancy          2286785229                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer7.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                   147472768                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            5621926                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.125680                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.331489                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  4915364     87.43%     87.43% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   706561     12.57%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                        1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::3                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::4                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::5                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::6                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::7                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::8                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total              5621926                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2581491                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       706560                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        5168102                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           706561                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoops                           3035315                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             2528405                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       4617876                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            998930                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              58203                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             58203                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        2528408                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks        11081                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        11081                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data        51912                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data         2047                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu2.data         2125                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu3.data         2119                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total        58203                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 138587.520056                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 105271.745651                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 105512.492383                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 104793.484942                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 135679.313874                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 118587.520056                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 85271.745651                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 85512.492383                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 84793.484942                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115679.313874                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu0.data          181                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data          380                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu2.data          484                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu3.data          492                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total             1537                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   7169271000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    175488000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data    173146000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    170499000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   7688404000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.996513                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.814362                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.772235                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.767815                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.973592                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data        51731                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data         1667                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu2.data         1641                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu3.data         1627                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total          56666                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   6134651000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data    142148000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data    140326000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    137959000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6555084000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.996513                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.814362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.772235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.767815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.973592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        51731                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data         1667                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data         1641                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data         1627                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        56666                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data        14647                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst         2085                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data       761016                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst         2077                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.data       760871                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst         2121                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.data       759887                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      2528408                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 112289.473684                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 124289.134854                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 107801.444043                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 123714.814044                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 107251.445087                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 123818.258510                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 107467.532468                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 124032.514598                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123821.708096                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 92289.473684                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 104289.134854                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 87801.444043                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 103714.814044                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 87251.445087                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 103818.284872                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 87467.532468                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 104032.540983                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103821.725530                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.inst       224450                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data         1366                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.inst          700                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data         2020                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu2.inst          693                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu2.data         2222                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu3.inst          735                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu3.data         1889                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       234075                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    140811000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1650684000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    149305000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  93899049000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    148436000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  93934598000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    148950000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  94016398000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 284088231000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.005556                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.906739                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.664269                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.997346                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.666346                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.997080                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.653465                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.997514                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.907422                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.inst         1254                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data        13281                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.inst         1385                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data       758996                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.inst         1384                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.data       758649                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.inst         1386                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.data       757998                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      2294333                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    115731000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1385064000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    121605000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  78719129000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    120756000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  78761638000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    121230000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  78856458000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 238201611000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.005556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.906739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.664269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.997346                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.666346                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.997080                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.653465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.997514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.907422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         1254                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        13281                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1385                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       758996                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         1384                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data       758649                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         1386                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       757998                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      2294333                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks      2313614                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2313614                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks      2313614                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total      2313614                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data        66559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst         2085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data       763063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst         2077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data       762996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst         2121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data       762006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         2586611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 112289.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 135666.569249                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 107801.444043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 123674.395889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 107251.445087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 123778.747583                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 107467.532468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 123991.307553                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124107.511318                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 92289.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 115666.569249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 87801.444043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 103674.395889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 87251.445087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 103778.773889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 87467.532468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 103991.333882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104107.528332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst         224450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data           1547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst            700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data           2400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst            693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu2.data           2706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst            735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu3.data           2381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              235612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    140811000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   8819955000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    149305000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  94074537000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    148436000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  94107744000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    148950000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  94186897000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total 291776635000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.005556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.976757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.664269                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.996855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.666346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.996453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.653465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.996875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.908911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst         1254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data        65012                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst         1385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data       760663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst         1384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu2.data       760290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst         1386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu3.data       759625                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total           2350999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    115731000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   7519715000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    121605000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  78861277000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    120756000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  78901964000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    121230000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  78994417000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 244756695000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.005556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.976757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.664269                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.996855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.666346                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.996453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.653465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.996875                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.908911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         1254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        65012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       760663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         1384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data       760290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         1386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       759625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2350999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data        66559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst         2085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data       763063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst         2077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data       762996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst         2121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data       762006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total        2586611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 112289.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 135666.569249                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 107801.444043                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 123674.395889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 107251.445087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 123778.747583                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 107467.532468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 123991.307553                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124107.511318                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 92289.473684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 115666.569249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 87801.444043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 103674.395889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 87251.445087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 103778.773889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 87467.532468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 103991.333882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104107.528332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst        224450                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data          1547                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst           700                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data          2400                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst           693                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu2.data          2706                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst           735                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu3.data          2381                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             235612                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    140811000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   8819955000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    149305000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  94074537000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    148436000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  94107744000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    148950000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  94186897000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total 291776635000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.005556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.976757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.664269                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.996855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.666346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.996453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.653465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.996875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.908911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst         1254                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data        65012                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst         1385                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data       760663                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst         1384                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu2.data       760290                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst         1386                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu3.data       759625                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total          2350999                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    115731000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   7519715000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    121605000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data  78861277000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    120756000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data  78901964000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    121230000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  78994417000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 244756695000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.005556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.976757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.664269                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.996855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.666346                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.996453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.653465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.996875                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.908911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         1254                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        65012                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1385                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data       760663                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         1384                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data       760290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         1386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       759625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2350999                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186058435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.replacements                   3035315                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1491                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         6527                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.694433                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses            85733123                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks  1118.705017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst    12.686894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data   187.771109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst     5.523858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data  1378.943520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst     5.358958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data  2739.537515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst     5.461596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data  2726.913815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.136561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.001549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.022921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.000674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.168328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst     0.000654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data     0.334416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst     0.000667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data     0.332875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186058435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              3043507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses             85733123                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             8180.902282                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                5157018                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                86000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks        2304262                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total              2304262                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       39967.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 52464.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples   2304261.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples      1254.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples     65010.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples      1385.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples    760655.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu2.inst::samples      1384.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu2.data::samples    760278.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu3.inst::samples      1386.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu3.data::samples    759617.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      33714.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        808.68                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     808.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        2.62                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        792.61                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     792.61                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.09                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                         12.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      6.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     6.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst       431348                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst       476409                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu2.inst       476065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu3.inst       476753                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1860577                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu0.inst            431348                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu0.data          22362695                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu1.inst            476409                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu1.data         261651303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu2.inst            476065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu2.data         261522656                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu3.inst            476753                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu3.data         261293910                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              808691141                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       792614987                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu0.inst           431348                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu0.data         22362695                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu1.inst           476409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu1.data        261651303                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu2.inst           476065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu2.data        261522656                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu3.inst           476753                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu3.data        261293910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1601306127                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       792614987                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             792614987                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples      3426852                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean      86.940574                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     79.071108                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     46.618616                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127       2609543     76.15%     76.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255       775618     22.63%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        38173      1.11%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2572      0.08%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          375      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          171      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           95      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           86      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          219      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total       3426852                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM               150462016                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                150463936                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1920                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                147470976                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys             147472704                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        80256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst        88640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu2.inst        88576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu3.inst        88704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         346176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst          80256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu0.data        4160768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst          88640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu1.data       48682432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu2.inst          88576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu2.data       48658496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu3.inst          88704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu3.data       48615936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total           150463808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks    147472704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total        147472704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst         1254                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data        65012                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst         1385                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data       760663                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.inst         1384                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.data       760290                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.inst         1386                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.data       759625                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     40823.57                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     64087.27                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst     36366.97                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data     52001.72                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.inst     35822.44                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.data     52153.36                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.inst     36017.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.data     52350.25                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst        80256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data      4160640                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst        88640                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data     48681920                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.inst        88576                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.data     48657792                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.inst        88704                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.data     48615488                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 431348.355692661833                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 22362006.860909048468                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 476409.467810475791                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 261648551.434929579496                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu2.inst 476065.489855377993                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu2.data 261518871.745857685804                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu3.inst 476753.445765573590                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu3.data 261291502.317538052797                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst     51192751                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data   4166441379                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst     50368251                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data  39555781070                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.inst     49578251                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.data  39651676364                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.inst     49920250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.data  39766558972                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks      2304261                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   1943826.56                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks    147470976                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 792605699.386862039566                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 4479083740865                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds        119872                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              6667323                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState             2187592                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds        119872                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu0.inst            1254                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu0.data           65012                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu1.inst            1385                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu1.data          760663                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu2.inst            1384                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu2.data          760289                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu3.inst            1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu3.data          759624                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total              2350997                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks       2304261                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total             2304261                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     26.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0             146832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1             147590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2             147900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3             147594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4             146849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5             146830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6             146427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7             146310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8             146141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9             148569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10            147831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11            147180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12            146520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13            145901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14            145931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15            146564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0             144200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1             144284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2             144684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3             144534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4             143891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5             144191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6             144132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7             143844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8             143547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9             144296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10            143797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11            143723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12            143689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13            143767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14            143780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15            143875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000530688250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186058435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples       119872                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       19.612178                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      19.303115                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      24.732784                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511         119871    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total         119872                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   843425                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                   830857                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                   655922                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                    20765                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                    2350999                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                2350999                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                      2350999                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                   1.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     29988                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      30                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                 11754845000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   186058376000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat             123341517288                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                   79260848538                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples       119872                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       19.222454                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      19.154928                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.602725                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              9632      8.04%      8.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              2786      2.32%     10.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             29653     24.74%     35.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19             21767     18.16%     53.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20             28788     24.02%     77.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::21             23022     19.21%     96.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::22              2308      1.93%     98.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::23              1148      0.96%     99.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::24               393      0.33%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::25               201      0.17%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::26               128      0.11%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::27                43      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::28                 2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::29                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total         119872                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                  103872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                  108416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                  114933                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                  118667                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                  121563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                  124382                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                  127338                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                  131008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                  133094                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                  139103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                  141585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                  149260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                  148101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                  145670                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                  133434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                  120266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                  120100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                  120157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                    1646                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                    1065                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                     536                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                      37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                      12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                   2304261                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6               2304261                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                     2304261                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 52.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                  1198355                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy           83989830030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy               12243964740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             712.508514                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     342172000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF     6212700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   179503563000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy             718161120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                6507802620                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy               8399010480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          14686822800.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy                 0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy            132568218990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime                     0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy              6022627200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy           83968955490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy               12223815660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             712.167749                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     378178751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF     6212700000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   179467556249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy             735739680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                6497100720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy               8386908180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          14686822800.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy                 0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy            132504816810                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime                     0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy              6005474280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      7041830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::total      7041830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                7041830                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    297936512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::total    297936512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               297936512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 186058435000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy         13929197658                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               7.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy        13234119378                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              7.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           2350999                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 2350999    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             2350999                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2339834                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       4690833                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            2294331                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2304261                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            35573                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             56666                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            56666                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       2294333                       # Transaction distribution

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
