
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               184944982000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 429340                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 743448                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   802146                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   465.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              397113765                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   199953429                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     373577741                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.184945                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                184944982000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu0.Branches                         11270215                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   49993648                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     93404423                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data     10893691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10893691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 100896.070884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100896.070884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 98896.070884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98896.070884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data     10879922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10879922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1389238000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1389238000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.001264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data        13769                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13769                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1361700000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1361700000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.001264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        13769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data      7273384                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7273384                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 130556.984017                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130556.984017                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 128556.984017                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 128556.984017                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data      7221580                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7221580                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   6763374000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6763374000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.007122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data        51804                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        51804                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   6659766000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6659766000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.007122                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007122                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        51804                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        51804                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data     18167075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18167075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 124328.793863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124328.793863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 122328.793863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122328.793863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data     18101502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        18101502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   8152612000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8152612000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data        65573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         65573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   8021466000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8021466000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        65573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        65573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data     18167075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18167075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 124328.793863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124328.793863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 122328.793863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122328.793863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data     18101502                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       18101502                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   8152612000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8152612000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data        65573                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        65573                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   8021466000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8021466000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        65573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        65573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184944982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                 64549                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          752                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           277.051149                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        36399723                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data  1020.653109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.996732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184944982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            65573                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         36399723                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.653109                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           18167075                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           220000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        61440                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            61440                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10893691                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         9190                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184944982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7273384                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          888                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst     67555641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     67555641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 26299.184232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26299.184232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 24299.184232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24299.184232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst     67329964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       67329964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5935121000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5935121000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst       225677                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       225677                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5483767000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5483767000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst       225677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       225677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst     67555641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     67555641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 26299.184232                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26299.184232                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 24299.184232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24299.184232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst     67329964                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        67329964                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5935121000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5935121000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst       225677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        225677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5483767000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5483767000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst       225677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       225677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst     67555641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     67555641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 26299.184232                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26299.184232                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 24299.184232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24299.184232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst     67329964                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       67329964                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5935121000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5935121000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst       225677                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       225677                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5483767000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5483767000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst       225677                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       225677                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184944982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                225424                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           299.346593                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       135336959                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   252.703258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.987122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184944982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           225677                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        135336959                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          252.703258                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           67555641                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           107000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184944982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184944982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                   67555641                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           49                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.numCycles                       184944982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                 184944982                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            57992221                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           29707411                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      9156250                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses               1222281                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                      1222281                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads             1373646                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes             922688                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     950702                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             92659359                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    92659359                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          179356864                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          74040060                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   10888015                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     18161396                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   7273381                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               166629      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 74168938     79.41%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  223357      0.24%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                       21      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                 117279      0.13%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                     374      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                     100      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                  110388      0.12%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                 455755      0.49%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                   186      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                10588916     11.34%     91.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                7084116      7.58%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead             299099      0.32%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite            189265      0.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  93404423                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   184944982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.Branches                         11271693                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   50000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     93416416                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     10895037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10895037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 100593.722755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100593.722755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 98593.722755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98593.722755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data     10881273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10881273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1384572000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1384572000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.001263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data        13764                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13764                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1357044000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1357044000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.001263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        13764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data      7274294                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7274294                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 130143.251433                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130143.251433                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 128143.251433                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 128143.251433                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data      7222483                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7222483                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   6742852000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6742852000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.007122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data        51811                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        51811                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   6639230000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6639230000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.007122                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007122                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        51811                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        51811                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data     18169331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18169331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 123940.892108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123940.892108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 121940.892108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121940.892108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data     18103756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        18103756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   8127424000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8127424000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.003609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data        65575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         65575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   7996274000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7996274000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.003609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        65575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        65575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data     18169331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18169331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 123940.892108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123940.892108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 121940.892108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121940.892108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data     18103756                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       18103756                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   8127424000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8127424000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.003609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data        65575                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        65575                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   7996274000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7996274000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.003609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        65575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        65575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184944982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                 64551                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          775                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           277.077103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        36404237                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data  1020.318210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.996405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184944982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            65575                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         36404237                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.318210                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           18169331                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           283000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        61409                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            61409                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                   10895037                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                         9193                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184944982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                    7274294                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                          888                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst     67564204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     67564204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 26312.028143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26312.028143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 24312.028143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24312.028143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst     67338500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       67338500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   5938730000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5938730000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst       225704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       225704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   5487322000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5487322000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst       225704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       225704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst     67564204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     67564204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 26312.028143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26312.028143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 24312.028143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24312.028143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst     67338500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        67338500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   5938730000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5938730000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        225704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   5487322000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5487322000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst     67564204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     67564204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 26312.028143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26312.028143                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 24312.028143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24312.028143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst     67338500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       67338500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   5938730000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5938730000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst       225704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       225704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   5487322000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5487322000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst       225704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       225704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184944982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                225451                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           299.348722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       135354112                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   252.702049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.987117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184944982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           225704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        135354112                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          252.702049                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           67564204                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           156000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184944982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184944982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                   67564204                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                           49                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.numCycles                       184944982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                 184944982                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            57999789                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           29711192                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      9157455                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses               1222432                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                      1222432                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads             1373816                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes             922801                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     950822                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             92671260                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    92671260                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          179379720                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          74049566                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   10889359                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     18163650                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   7274291                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               166650      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 74178542     79.41%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                  223387      0.24%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                       21      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                 117293      0.13%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                     374      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                     100      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                  110402      0.12%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                 455811      0.49%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                   186      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                10590223     11.34%     91.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                7085002      7.58%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead             299136      0.32%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite            189289      0.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  93416416                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   184944982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu2.Branches                         11264799                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   49970363                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     93360464                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.data     10888756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10888756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 96616.465453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96616.465453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 94616.465453                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94616.465453                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.data     10874095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10874095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   1416494000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1416494000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.001346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001346                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.data        14661                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14661                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   1387172000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1387172000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.001346                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001346                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        14661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu2.data      7270039                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7270039                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 131306.437007                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131306.437007                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 129306.437007                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 129306.437007                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu2.data      7218136                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7218136                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   6815198000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6815198000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.007139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu2.data        51903                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        51903                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   6711392000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6711392000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.007139                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007139                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        51903                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        51903                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data     18158795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18158795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 123665.825371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123665.825371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 121665.825371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121665.825371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu2.data     18092231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        18092231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   8231692000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8231692000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.003666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu2.data        66564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         66564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   8098564000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8098564000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.003666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        66564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        66564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data     18158795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18158795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 123665.825371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123665.825371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 121665.825371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121665.825371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu2.data     18092231                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       18092231                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   8231692000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8231692000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.003666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu2.data        66564                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        66564                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   8098564000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8098564000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.003666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        66564                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66564                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184944982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements                 65540                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          776                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs           272.802040                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        36384154                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data  1020.586157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data     0.996666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184944982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            66564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         36384154                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.586157                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           18158795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           331000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        61943                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            61943                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                   10888756                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                         9182                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184944982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                    7270039                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                          887                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst     67524249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     67524249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 26319.796257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26319.796257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 24319.796257                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24319.796257                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.inst     67298671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       67298671                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst   5937167000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5937167000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.inst       225578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       225578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst   5486011000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5486011000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst       225578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       225578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst     67524249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     67524249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 26319.796257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26319.796257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 24319.796257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24319.796257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst     67298671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        67298671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst   5937167000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5937167000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst       225578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        225578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst   5486011000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5486011000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst       225578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       225578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst     67524249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     67524249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 26319.796257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26319.796257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 24319.796257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24319.796257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst     67298671                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       67298671                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst   5937167000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5937167000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst       225578                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       225578                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst   5486011000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5486011000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst       225578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       225578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184944982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.replacements                225325                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           299.338805                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       135274076                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst   252.700892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst     0.987113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184944982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           225578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        135274076                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          252.700892                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           67524249                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           162000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184944982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184944982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                   67524249                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                           49                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.numCycles                       184944982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                 184944982                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads            57964495                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes           29693574                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      9151835                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses               1221730                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                      1221730                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads             1373036                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes             922273                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     950262                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             92615736                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    92615736                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads          179273057                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          74005225                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                   10883082                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     18153117                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   7270035                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               166552      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 74133750     79.41%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                  223247      0.24%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                       21      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                 117224      0.13%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                     374      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                     100      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                  110340      0.12%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                 455553      0.49%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                   186      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                10584119     11.34%     91.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                7080858      7.58%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead             298963      0.32%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite            189177      0.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  93360464                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   184944982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu3.Branches                         11269231                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   49989418                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     93396438                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.data     10892794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10892794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 101145.495859                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101145.495859                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 99145.495859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99145.495859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.data     10879151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10879151                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   1379928000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1379928000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.001252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.data        13643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   1352642000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1352642000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.001252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data        13643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu3.data      7272776                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7272776                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 130899.575372                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130899.575372                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 128899.575372                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 128899.575372                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu3.data      7220966                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7220966                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   6781907000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6781907000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.007124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu3.data        51810                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        51810                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   6678287000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6678287000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.007124                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007124                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data        51810                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        51810                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data     18165570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18165570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 124697.645639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124697.645639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 122697.645639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122697.645639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu3.data     18100117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        18100117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   8161835000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8161835000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.003603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu3.data        65453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         65453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   8030929000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8030929000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.003603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data        65453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        65453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data     18165570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18165570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 124697.645639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124697.645639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 122697.645639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122697.645639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu3.data     18100117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       18100117                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   8161835000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8161835000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.003603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu3.data        65453                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        65453                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   8030929000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8030929000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.003603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data        65453                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        65453                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184944982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements                 64429                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          773                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs           277.536095                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        36396593                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data  1021.027046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data     0.997097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184944982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            65453                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         36396593                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1021.027046                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs           18165570                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           337000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        61381                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total            61381                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                   10892794                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                         9188                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184944982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                    7272776                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                          888                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst     67549939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     67549939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 26323.062674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26323.062674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 24323.062674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24323.062674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.inst     67324280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       67324280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst   5940036000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5940036000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.inst       225659                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       225659                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst   5488718000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5488718000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst       225659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       225659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst     67549939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     67549939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 26323.062674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26323.062674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 24323.062674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24323.062674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst     67324280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        67324280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst   5940036000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5940036000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst       225659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total        225659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst   5488718000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5488718000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst       225659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       225659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst     67549939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     67549939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 26323.062674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26323.062674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 24323.062674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24323.062674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst     67324280                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       67324280                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst   5940036000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5940036000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst       225659                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total       225659                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst   5488718000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5488718000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst       225659                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       225659                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184944982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.replacements                225406                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs           299.345202                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses       135325537                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst   252.700979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst     0.987113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184944982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs           225659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses        135325537                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          252.700979                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           67549939                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           210000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184944982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184944982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                   67549939                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                           49                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.numCycles                       184944982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                 184944982                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            57987185                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           29704901                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      9155448                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses               1222183                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                      1222183                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads             1373538                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes             922614                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     950622                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             92651434                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    92651434                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads          179341635                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          74033732                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                   10887118                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                     18159890                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   7272772                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               166615      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 74162547     79.41%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                  223337      0.24%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                       21      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                 117269      0.13%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                     374      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                     100      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                  110380      0.12%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                 455719      0.49%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                   186      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                10588043     11.34%     91.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                7083523      7.58%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead             299075      0.32%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite            189249      0.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  93396438                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   184944982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       676778                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       195695                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       676859                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       195701                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       676481                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       198668                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       676724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       195335                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                 3492241                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     14443328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8128832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     14445056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8126976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     14436992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8224448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     14442176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8117376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total                 90365184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184944982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           2818804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           677031000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           196915803                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer2.occupancy           677113998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer3.occupancy           196939785                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer3.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer4.occupancy           676734999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer4.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer5.occupancy           199942749                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer5.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer6.occupancy           676979997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer6.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer7.occupancy           196600758                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer7.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                    15105344                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            1504363                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.065700                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.247756                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  1405527     93.43%     93.43% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    98836      6.57%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::3                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::4                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::5                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::6                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::7                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::8                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total              1504363                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            4                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1160675                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        98832                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        2326458                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            98832                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoops                            338580                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              958455                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        482194                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           1017061                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             207328                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            207328                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         958455                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks         5505                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         5505                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data        51804                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data        51811                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu2.data        51903                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu3.data        51810                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       207328                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 125699.833746                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 125292.435870                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 126670.495195                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 126059.351197                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125930.479164                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 105699.833746                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 105292.435870                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 106670.495195                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 106059.351197                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105930.479164                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu0.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data           80                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu2.data          186                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu3.data           84                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total              426                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   6502201000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   6481503000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   6551018000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   6520546000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  26055268000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.998533                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.998456                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.996416                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.998379                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.997945                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data        51728                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data        51731                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu2.data        51717                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu3.data        51726                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total         206902                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   5467641000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   5446883000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   5516678000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   5486026000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21917228000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.998533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.998456                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.996416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.998379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        51728                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        51731                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        51717                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data        51726                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       206902                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst       225677                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data        13769                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst       225704                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data        13764                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst       225578                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.data        14661                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst       225659                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.data        13643                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       958455                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 110925.474255                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 112466.601614                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 114110.363392                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 111754.840421                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 117098.915989                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 112817.439901                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 117006.702413                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 112043.254285                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112425.573511                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 90925.474255                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 92466.601614                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 94110.363392                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 91754.840421                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 97098.915989                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 92817.439901                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 97006.702413                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 92043.254285                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92425.573511                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.inst       224939                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data         2496                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.inst       224961                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data         2453                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu2.inst       224840                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu2.data         3388                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu3.inst       224913                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu3.data         2384                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       910374                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     81863000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1267836000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     84784000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1264059000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst     86419000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   1271791000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst     87287000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   1261495000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5405534000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003270                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.818723                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003292                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.821781                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003272                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.768911                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.003306                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.825258                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.050165                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.inst          738                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data        11273                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.inst          743                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data        11311                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.inst          738                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.data        11273                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.inst          746                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.data        11259                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        48081                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     67103000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1042376000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     69924000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1037839000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst     71659000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   1046331000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst     72367000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   1036315000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4443914000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003270                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.818723                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.821781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.768911                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.003306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.825258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          738                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        11273                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          743                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        11311                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst          738                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        11273                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst          746                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data        11259                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        48081                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       246173                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       246173                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       246173                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       246173                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst       225677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data        65573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data        65575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst       225578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data        66564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst       225659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data        65453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         1165783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 110925.474255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 123331.962985                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 114110.363392                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 122863.519558                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 117098.915989                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 124191.284331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 117006.702413                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 123553.877907                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123383.919712                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 90925.474255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 103331.962985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 94110.363392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 102863.519558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 97098.915989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 104191.284331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 97006.702413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 103553.877907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103383.919712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst         224939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data           2572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst         224961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data           2533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst         224840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu2.data           3574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst         224913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu3.data           2468                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              910800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     81863000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   7770037000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     84784000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   7745562000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst     86419000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   7822809000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst     87287000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   7782041000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  31460802000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.960777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.961372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.946307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.003306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.962294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.218723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst          738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data        63001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst          743                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data        63042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst          738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu2.data        62990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst          746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu3.data        62985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            254983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     67103000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   6510017000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     69924000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   6484722000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst     71659000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   6563009000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst     72367000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   6522341000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26361142000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003270                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.960777                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.961372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.946307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.003306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.962294                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218723                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        63001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        63042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst          738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        62990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst          746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data        62985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       254983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst       225677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data        65573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst       225704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data        65575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst       225578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data        66564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst       225659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data        65453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total        1165783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 110925.474255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 123331.962985                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 114110.363392                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 122863.519558                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 117098.915989                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 124191.284331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 117006.702413                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 123553.877907                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123383.919712                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 90925.474255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 103331.962985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 94110.363392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 102863.519558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 97098.915989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 104191.284331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 97006.702413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 103553.877907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103383.919712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst        224939                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data          2572                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst        224961                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data          2533                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst        224840                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu2.data          3574                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst        224913                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu3.data          2468                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             910800                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     81863000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   7770037000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     84784000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   7745562000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst     86419000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   7822809000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst     87287000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   7782041000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  31460802000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.960777                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.961372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003272                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.946307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.003306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.962294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.218723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst          738                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data        63001                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst          743                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data        63042                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst          738                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu2.data        62990                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst          746                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu3.data        62985                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           254983                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst     67103000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   6510017000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst     69924000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   6484722000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst     71659000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   6563009000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst     72367000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data   6522341000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26361142000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003270                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.960777                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.961372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.946307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.003306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.962294                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218723                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst          738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        63001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst          743                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        63042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst          738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        62990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst          746                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data        62985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       254983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184944982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.replacements                    338580                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          772                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6314                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 6.693012                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses            37570036                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks  1628.641392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst    28.273409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data  1572.161597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst    28.154120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data  1564.910059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst    28.728655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data  1680.504255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst    28.965337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data  1606.560365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.198809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.003451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.191914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.003437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.191029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst     0.003507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data     0.205140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst     0.003536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data     0.196113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184944982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               346772                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses             37570036                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             8166.899187                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                2320949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                86000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         236021                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               236021                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      376655.51                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 51897.64                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    236021.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples       738.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples     63001.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples       743.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples     63042.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu2.inst::samples       738.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu2.data::samples     62987.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu3.inst::samples       746.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu3.data::samples     62984.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      33147.64                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         88.24                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      88.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.18                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         81.67                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      81.67                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst       255384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst       257114                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu2.inst       255384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu3.inst       258152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1026035                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu0.inst            255384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu0.data          21801424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu1.inst            257114                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu1.data          21815612                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu2.inst            255384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu2.data          21797618                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu3.inst            258152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu3.data          21795887                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               88236576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        81674798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu0.inst           255384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu0.data         21801424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu1.inst           257114                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu1.data         21815612                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu2.inst           255384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu2.data         21797618                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu3.inst           258152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu3.data         21795887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             169911374                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        81674798                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              81674798                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       296957                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     105.815724                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     89.897760                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     76.324150                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127        195563     65.86%     65.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        81557     27.46%     93.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14470      4.87%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3962      1.33%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1046      0.35%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          263      0.09%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           64      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           27      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            5      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        296957                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                16318656                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 16318912                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 15104384                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              15105344                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        47232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst        47552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu2.inst        47232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu3.inst        47744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         189760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst          47232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu0.data        4032064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst          47552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu1.data        4034688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu2.inst          47232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu2.data        4031360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu3.inst          47744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu3.data        4031040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            16318912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     15105344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         15105344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst          738                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data        63001                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst          743                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data        63042                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.inst          738                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.data        62990                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.inst          746                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.data        62985                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     39462.06                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     51849.74                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst     42649.39                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data     51391.85                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.inst     45581.64                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.data     52687.02                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.inst     45561.66                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.data     52062.92                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst        47232                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data      4032064                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst        47552                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data      4034688                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.inst        47232                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.data      4031168                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.inst        47744                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.data      4030976                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 255384.057946487010                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 21801424.166242044419                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 257114.302241517405                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 21815612.169461295009                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu2.inst 255384.057946487010                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu2.data 21796579.482215959579                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu3.inst 258152.448818535660                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu3.data 21795541.335638940334                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst     29123000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data   3266585589                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst     31688500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data   3239845066                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.inst     33639250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.data   3318755530                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.inst     33989000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.data   3279182760                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       236021                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  18318350.60                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     15104384                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 81669607.018588915467                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 4323515427938                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         13254                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               781380                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              223125                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         13254                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu0.inst             738                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu0.data           63001                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu1.inst             743                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu1.data           63042                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu2.inst             738                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu2.data           62990                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu3.inst             746                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu3.data           62985                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               254983                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        236021                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              236021                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     39.52                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              15900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              15731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              15318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              15345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              15397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              15296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              15162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              15221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              15582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              18442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             19148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             16279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             15641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             15609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             15522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             15386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              14853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              14818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              14702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              14728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              14834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              14776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              14762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              14711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              14737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              14653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             14774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             14687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             14802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             14793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             14725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             14651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000825294502                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184944982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        13254                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       19.237890                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      18.223031                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      80.211076                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          13253     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          13254                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   225647                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                    22544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                     4610                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                     2178                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     254983                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 254983                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       254983                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  26.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     68095                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       4                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1274895000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   184939364000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              13232808695                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    8451952445                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        13254                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.806398                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.770478                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.125801                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              2900     21.88%     21.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17               158      1.19%     23.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18              7612     57.43%     80.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19              1983     14.96%     95.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20               438      3.30%     98.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::21               128      0.97%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::22                29      0.22%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::23                 4      0.03%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::24                 1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::25                 1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          13254                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   10116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   10410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   12615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   13213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   13341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   13377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   13424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   13442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   13421                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   13367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   13369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   13488                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   13448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   13635                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   15419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   13364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   13271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   13260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    236021                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                236021                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      236021                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 53.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   125928                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy           65946175650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy                1030987440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             535.873408                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   39648819662                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF     6175520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   139120642338                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy           15485251680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                 547971435                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy                880861800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          14598929280.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy                 0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy             99107097765                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime                     0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy               616920480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy           67219316250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy                1089321240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             537.751273                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   36851273102                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF     6175520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   141918188898                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy           14413133280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                 578980380                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy                939688260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          14598929280.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy                 0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy             99454399530                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime                     0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy               615030840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       755219                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::total       755219                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 755219                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     31424256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::total     31424256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                31424256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 184944982000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy          1484081199                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         1393144100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            254983                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  254983    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              254983                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       245253                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        500236                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              48081                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       236021                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             9232                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            206902                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           206902                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         48081                       # Transaction distribution

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
