
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               185567876000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 366260                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 780244                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   658495                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   486.53                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              381413725                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   178194934                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     320375122                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.185568                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                185567876000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu0.Branches                         11271693                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   50000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     93416416                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.data     10895037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10895037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 117002.188343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117002.188343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 115002.188343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115002.188343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.data     10881328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10881328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1603983000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1603983000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.001258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.data        13709                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13709                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1576565000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1576565000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.001258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        13709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu0.data      7274294                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7274294                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 137153.127593                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 137153.127593                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 135153.127593                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 135153.127593                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu0.data      7222481                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7222481                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   7106315000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7106315000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.007123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu0.data        51813                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        51813                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   7002689000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7002689000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.007123                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007123                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        51813                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        51813                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data     18169331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18169331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 132936.998260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 132936.998260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 130936.998260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 130936.998260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data     18103809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        18103809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   8710298000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8710298000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data        65522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         65522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   8579254000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8579254000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        65522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        65522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data     18169331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18169331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 132936.998260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 132936.998260                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 130936.998260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 130936.998260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data     18103809                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       18103809                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   8710298000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8710298000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data        65522                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        65522                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   8579254000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8579254000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.003606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        65522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        65522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185567876000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                 64498                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          759                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           277.301227                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        36404184                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data  1020.338662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.996424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185567876000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            65522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         36404184                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.338662                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           18169331                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           220000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        61350                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            61350                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10895037                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         9254                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185567876000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7274294                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          896                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst     67564204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     67564204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 26488.870379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26488.870379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 24488.870379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24488.870379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu0.inst     67338500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       67338500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5978644000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5978644000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       225704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5527236000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5527236000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       225704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst     67564204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     67564204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 26488.870379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26488.870379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 24488.870379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24488.870379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst     67338500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        67338500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5978644000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5978644000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        225704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5527236000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5527236000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst     67564204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     67564204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 26488.870379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26488.870379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 24488.870379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24488.870379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst     67338500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       67338500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5978644000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5978644000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       225704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst   5527236000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5527236000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       225704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185567876000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                225451                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           299.348722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       135354112                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst   252.703516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.987123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185567876000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           225704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        135354112                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          252.703516                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           67564204                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           107000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185567876000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185567876000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                   67564204                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          131                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.numCycles                       185567876                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                 185567876                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            57999789                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           29711192                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      9157455                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses               1222432                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                      1222432                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads             1373816                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes             922801                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     950822                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             92671260                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    92671260                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          179379720                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          74049566                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   10889359                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     18163650                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   7274291                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               166650      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 74178542     79.41%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  223387      0.24%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                       21      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                 117293      0.13%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                     374      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                     100      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                  110402      0.12%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                 455811      0.49%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                   186      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                10590223     11.34%     91.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                7085002      7.58%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead             299136      0.32%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite            189289      0.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  93416416                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   185567876000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.Branches                         11266769                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   49978834                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     93376456                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.data     10890551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10890551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 113657.085746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113657.085746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 111657.085746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111657.085746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.data     10876043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10876043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1648937000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1648937000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.001332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.data        14508                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14508                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1619921000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1619921000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.001332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        14508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu1.data      7271255                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7271255                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 137671.289420                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 137671.289420                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 135671.289420                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 135671.289420                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu1.data      7219410                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7219410                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   7137568000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7137568000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.007130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu1.data        51845                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        51845                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   7033878000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7033878000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.007130                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007130                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        51845                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        51845                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data     18161806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18161806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 132420.613989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 132420.613989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 130420.613989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 130420.613989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data     18095453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        18095453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   8786505000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8786505000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.003653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data        66353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total         66353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   8653799000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8653799000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.003653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        66353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        66353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data     18161806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18161806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 132420.613989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 132420.613989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 130420.613989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 130420.613989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data     18095453                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       18095453                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   8786505000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8786505000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.003653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data        66353                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total        66353                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   8653799000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8653799000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.003653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        66353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185567876000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                 65329                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          771                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           273.714919                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        36389965                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data  1020.558703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.996639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185567876000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            66353                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         36389965                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.558703                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           18161806                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           283000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        61452                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            61452                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                   10890551                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                         9244                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185567876000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                    7271255                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                          896                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst     67535670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     67535670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 26487.868661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26487.868661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 24487.868661                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24487.868661                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu1.inst     67310056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       67310056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   5976034000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5976034000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu1.inst       225614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       225614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   5524806000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5524806000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst       225614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       225614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst     67535670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     67535670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 26487.868661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26487.868661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 24487.868661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24487.868661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst     67310056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        67310056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   5976034000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5976034000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst       225614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        225614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   5524806000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5524806000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst       225614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       225614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst     67535670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     67535670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 26487.868661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26487.868661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 24487.868661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24487.868661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst     67310056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       67310056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   5976034000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5976034000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst       225614                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       225614                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst   5524806000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5524806000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst       225614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       225614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185567876000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                225361                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           299.341663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       135296954                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst   252.702375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.987119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185567876000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           225614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        135296954                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          252.702375                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           67535670                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           156000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185567876000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185567876000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                   67535670                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                          137                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.numCycles                       185567875                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                 185567875                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            57974581                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           29698610                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      9153441                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses               1221932                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                      1221932                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads             1373260                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes             922425                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     950422                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             92631605                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    92631605                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          179303538                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          74017897                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   10884876                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     18156128                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   7271252                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               166580      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 74146551     79.41%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                  223287      0.24%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                       21      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                 117244      0.13%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                     374      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                     100      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                  110358      0.12%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                 455627      0.49%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                   186      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                10585863     11.34%     91.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                7082043      7.58%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead             299013      0.32%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite            189209      0.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  93376456                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   185567876000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu2.Branches                         11270212                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   49993634                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     93404396                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.data     10893686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10893686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 115321.256381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115321.256381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 113321.256381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113321.256381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.data     10879582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       10879582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   1626491000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1626491000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.001295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.data        14104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   1598283000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1598283000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.001295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        14104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu2.data      7273382                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7273382                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 137212.403729                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 137212.403729                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 135212.403729                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 135212.403729                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu2.data      7221575                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7221575                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   7108563000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7108563000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.007123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu2.data        51807                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        51807                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   7004949000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7004949000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.007123                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007123                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        51807                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        51807                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data     18167068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18167068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 132528.015051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 132528.015051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 130528.015051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 130528.015051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu2.data     18101157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        18101157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   8735054000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8735054000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.003628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu2.data        65911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total         65911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   8603232000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8603232000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.003628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        65911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        65911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data     18167068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18167068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 132528.015051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 132528.015051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 130528.015051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 130528.015051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu2.data     18101157                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       18101157                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   8735054000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8735054000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.003628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu2.data        65911                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total        65911                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   8603232000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8603232000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.003628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        65911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        65911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185567876000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements                 64887                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          780                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs           275.630289                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        36400047                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data  1020.498832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data     0.996581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185567876000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            65911                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         36400047                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.498832                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           18167068                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           331000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        61608                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            61608                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dtb.rdAccesses                   10893686                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.rdMisses                         9248                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185567876000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb.wrAccesses                    7273382                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.dtb.wrMisses                          899                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst     67555621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     67555621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 26481.666275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26481.666275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 24481.666275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24481.666275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu2.inst     67329944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       67329944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst   5976303000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5976303000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu2.inst       225677                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       225677                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst   5524949000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5524949000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst       225677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       225677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst     67555621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     67555621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 26481.666275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26481.666275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 24481.666275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24481.666275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst     67329944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        67329944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst   5976303000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5976303000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst       225677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total        225677                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst   5524949000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5524949000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst       225677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       225677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst     67555621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     67555621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 26481.666275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26481.666275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 24481.666275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24481.666275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst     67329944                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       67329944                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst   5976303000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5976303000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst       225677                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total       225677                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst   5524949000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5524949000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst       225677                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       225677                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185567876000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.replacements                225424                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           299.346504                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses       135336919                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst   252.702961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst     0.987121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185567876000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs           225677                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses        135336919                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          252.702961                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           67555621                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           162000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185567876000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185567876000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.wrAccesses                   67555621                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu2.itb.wrMisses                          138                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.numCycles                       185567876                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                 185567876                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads            57992204                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes           29707403                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      9156247                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses               1222279                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                      1222279                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads             1373646                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes             922686                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     950702                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             92659333                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    92659333                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads          179356809                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          74040040                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                   10888010                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     18161389                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   7273379                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu2.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               166629      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 74168919     79.41%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                  223357      0.24%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                       21      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                 117278      0.13%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                     374      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                     100      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                  110388      0.12%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                 455755      0.49%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                   186      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                10588912     11.34%     91.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                7084114      7.58%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemRead             299098      0.32%     99.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMemWrite            189265      0.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  93404396                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   185567876000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu3.Branches                          2152917                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   28222466                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     40177854                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.data      6042680                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6042680                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 127854.757004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127854.757004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 125854.759633                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125854.759633                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.data      5281886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        5281886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  97271132000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  97271132000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.125903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.125903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.data       760794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       760794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  95749546000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  95749546000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.125903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       760794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       760794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu3.data      1877052                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1877052                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 91077.389277                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91077.389277                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 89077.389277                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89077.389277                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu3.data      1874907                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1874907                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    195361000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    195361000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.001143                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001143                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu3.data         2145                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2145                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    191071000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    191071000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.001143                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001143                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data         2145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data      7919732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total      7919732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 127751.357579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 127751.357579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 125751.360200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125751.360200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu3.data      7156793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total         7156793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  97466493000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  97466493000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.096334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu3.data       762939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total        762939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  95940617000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  95940617000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.096334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       762939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       762939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data      7919732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total      7919732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 127751.357579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 127751.357579                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 125751.360200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125751.360200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu3.data      7156793                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total        7156793                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  97466493000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  97466493000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.096334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu3.data       762939                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total       762939                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  95940617000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  95940617000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.096334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       762939                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       762939                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185567876000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements                761914                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          902                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.380570                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        16602402                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data  1022.847217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data     0.998874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185567876000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           762938                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         16602402                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.847217                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            7919731                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           339000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks       750962                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           750962                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dtb.rdAccesses                    6042680                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.rdMisses                        12513                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185567876000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb.wrAccesses                    1877052                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.dtb.wrMisses                           54                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst     36810841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     36810841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 80600.567913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80600.567913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 78600.567913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78600.567913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu3.inst     36808728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       36808728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    170309000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    170309000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu3.inst         2113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    166083000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    166083000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         2113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst     36810841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     36810841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 80600.567913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80600.567913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 78600.567913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78600.567913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst     36808728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        36808728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    170309000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    170309000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst         2113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          2113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    166083000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    166083000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         2113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst     36810841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     36810841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 80600.567913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80600.567913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 78600.567913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78600.567913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst     36808728                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       36808728                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    170309000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    170309000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst         2113                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         2113                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    166083000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    166083000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         2113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185567876000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.replacements                  1857                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         17421.126834                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        73623795                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst   255.844307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst     0.999392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185567876000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2113                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         73623795                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          255.844307                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           36810841                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle           168000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.interrupts.clk_domain.clock         16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185567876000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185567876000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.wrAccesses                   36810841                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu3.itb.wrMisses                          219                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.numCycles                       185567806                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                 185567806                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            11460832                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           21849472                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      1261035                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                 69763                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                        69763                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               96543                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes              51076                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      17684                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             40126557                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    40126557                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           82508721                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          36156756                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    6042657                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      7919703                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1877046                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu3.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                18860      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 32165658     80.06%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                      27      0.00%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    34400      0.09%     80.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   2710      0.01%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                   1088      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                    5968      0.01%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                   10785      0.03%     80.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                   11614      0.03%     80.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                   6254      0.02%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                   787      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdDiv                       0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdPredAlu                   0      0.00%     80.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 6024443     14.99%     95.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1865367      4.64%     99.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemRead              18214      0.05%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMemWrite             11679      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  40177854                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   185567876000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.workload.numSyscalls                   56                       # Number of system calls
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       676859                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       195542                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       676589                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       198035                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       676778                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       196709                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         6083                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2287791                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_count::total                 4914386                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     14445056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8119808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     14439296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8179520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     14443328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8161216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       135232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     96889600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pkt_size::total                164813056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185567876000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           5145298000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.reqLayer0.utilization                2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           677112999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           196713852                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer2.occupancy           676844997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer3.occupancy           199247811                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer3.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer4.occupancy           677032998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer4.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer5.occupancy           197879853                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer5.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer6.occupancy             6339999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.respLayer7.occupancy          2291289522                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bus.respLayer7.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bus.snoopTraffic                    59199232                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            2752111                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::mean              0.063888                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev             0.244554                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  2576283     93.61%     93.61% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   175828      6.39%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::2                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::3                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::4                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::5                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::6                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::7                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::8                        0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value                0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value                1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_fanout::total              2752111                       # Request fanout histogram
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            3                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1634721                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       175825                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        3274554                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           175825                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.l2bus.snoops                           1112278                       # Total snoops (count)
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             1482222                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       1860360                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            886639                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             157610                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            157610                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        1482223                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks        11042                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        11042                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu0.data        51813                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu1.data        51845                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu2.data        51807                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu3.data         2145                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       157610                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 132307.745839                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 132916.300922                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 132361.235694                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 105121.760096                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132238.505729                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 112307.745839                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 112916.300922                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 112361.235694                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 85121.760096                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112238.505729                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu0.data           82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu1.data          124                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu2.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu3.data          486                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total              771                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   6844412000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   6874564000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   6846782000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    174397000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  20740155000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.998417                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.997608                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.998475                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.773427                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.995108                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu0.data        51731                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu1.data        51721                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu2.data        51728                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu3.data         1659                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total         156839                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   5809792000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   5840144000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   5812222000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data    141217000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17603375000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.998417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.997608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.998475                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.773427                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        51731                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        51721                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        51728                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data         1659                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       156839                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu0.data        13709                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.inst       225614                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu1.data        14508                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.inst       225677                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu2.data        14104                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.inst         2113                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu3.data       760794                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1482223                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 111587.883959                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 119341.007648                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 111844.901457                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 119047.736562                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 110548.801370                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 119719.796158                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 105134.208607                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 123089.043009                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122828.813130                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 91587.883959                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 99341.007648                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 91844.901457                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 99047.736562                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 90548.801370                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 99719.796158                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 85134.208607                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 103089.069359                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102828.838059                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.inst       224532                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu0.data         1026                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.inst       224447                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu1.data         1541                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu2.inst       224509                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu2.data         1349                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu3.inst          742                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu3.data         1790                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       679936                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    130781000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1513602000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    130523000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1543692000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    129121000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   1527026000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    144139000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  93425076000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  98543960000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.005193                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.925159                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.005173                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.893783                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.005176                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.904353                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.648841                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.997647                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.541273                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.inst         1172                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu0.data        12683                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.inst         1167                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu1.data        12967                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.inst         1168                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu2.data        12755                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.inst         1371                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu3.data       759004                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       802287                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    107341000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   1259942000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    107183000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   1284352000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    105761000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   1271926000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    116719000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  78245016000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  82498240000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.005193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.925159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.005173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.893783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.005176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.904353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.648841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.997647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.541273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         1172                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        12683                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1167                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        12967                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         1168                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        12755                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         1371                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       759004                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       802287                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       935372                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       935372                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       935372                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       935372                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu0.data        65522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.inst       225614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu1.data        66353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.inst       225677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu2.data        65911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.inst         2113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu3.data       762939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         1639833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 111587.883959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 129754.618561                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 111844.901457                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 130136.284937                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 110548.801370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 129860.707473                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 105134.208607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 123049.856507                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124367.512715                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 91587.883959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 109754.618561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 91844.901457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 110136.284937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 90548.801370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 109860.707473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 85134.208607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 103049.882800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104367.533567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu0.inst         224532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu0.data           1108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu1.inst         224447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu1.data           1665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu2.inst         224509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu2.data           1428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu3.inst            742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu3.data           2276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              680707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    130781000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   8358014000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    130523000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   8418256000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    129121000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   8373808000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    144139000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  93599473000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total 119284115000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.005193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.983090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.005173                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.974907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.005176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.978334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.648841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.997017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.584892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu0.inst         1172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu0.data        64414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu1.inst         1167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu1.data        64688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu2.inst         1168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu2.data        64483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu3.inst         1371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu3.data       760663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            959126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    107341000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   7069734000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    107183000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   7124496000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    105761000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   7084148000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    116719000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  78386233000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 100101615000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.005193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.983090                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.005173                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.974907                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.005176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.978334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.648841                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.997017                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.584892                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         1172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        64414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        64688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         1168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        64483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         1371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       760663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       959126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.inst       225704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu0.data        65522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.inst       225614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu1.data        66353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.inst       225677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu2.data        65911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.inst         2113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu3.data       762939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total        1639833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 111587.883959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 129754.618561                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 111844.901457                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 130136.284937                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 110548.801370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 129860.707473                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 105134.208607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 123049.856507                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124367.512715                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst 91587.883959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data 109754.618561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst 91844.901457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data 110136.284937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst 90548.801370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data 109860.707473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst 85134.208607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data 103049.882800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104367.533567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu0.inst        224532                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu0.data          1108                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu1.inst        224447                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu1.data          1665                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu2.inst        224509                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu2.data          1428                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu3.inst           742                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu3.data          2276                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             680707                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    130781000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   8358014000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    130523000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   8418256000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    129121000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   8373808000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    144139000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  93599473000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total 119284115000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.005193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.983090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.005173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.974907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.005176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.978334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.648841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.997017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.584892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu0.inst         1172                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu0.data        64414                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu1.inst         1167                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu1.data        64688                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu2.inst         1168                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu2.data        64483                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu3.inst         1371                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu3.data       760663                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           959126                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.inst    107341000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu0.data   7069734000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.inst    107183000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu1.data   7124496000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.inst    105761000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu2.data   7084148000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.inst    116719000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu3.data  78386233000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 100101615000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.inst     0.005193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu0.data     0.983090                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.inst     0.005173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu1.data     0.974907                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.inst     0.005176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu2.data     0.978334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.inst     0.648841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu3.data     0.997017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.584892                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.inst         1172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu0.data        64414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.inst         1167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu1.data        64688                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.inst         1168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu2.data        64483                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.inst         1371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu3.data       760663                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       959126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185567876000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.replacements                   1112278                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          465                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4628                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3025                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.912624                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses            53513286                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   872.251236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.inst    16.991752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu0.data   365.461472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.inst    16.922707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu1.data   418.075130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.inst    16.738115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu2.data   386.363722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.inst     8.672466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu3.data  6071.965145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.106476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.inst     0.002074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu0.data     0.044612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.inst     0.002066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu1.data     0.051035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.inst     0.002043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu2.data     0.047164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.inst     0.001059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu3.data     0.741207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185567876000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              1120470                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses             53513286                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse             8173.441745                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                3263508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                86000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         924988                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               924988                       # number of writebacks
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       98490.75                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 52676.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    924988.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu0.inst::samples      1172.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu0.data::samples     64410.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu1.inst::samples      1167.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu1.data::samples     64687.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu2.inst::samples      1168.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu2.data::samples     64481.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu3.inst::samples      1371.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu3.data::samples    760662.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      33926.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        330.79                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     330.79                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        319.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     319.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.74                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          5.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      2.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     2.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst       404208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst       402483                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu2.inst       402828                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu3.inst       472840                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1682360                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu0.inst            404208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu0.data          22215569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu1.inst            402483                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu1.data          22310068                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu2.inst            402828                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu2.data          22239366                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu3.inst            472840                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu3.data         262342993                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              330790357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       319016595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu0.inst           404208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu0.data         22215569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu1.inst           402483                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu1.data         22310068                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu2.inst           402828                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu2.data         22239366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu3.inst           472840                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu3.data        262342993                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             649806953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       319016595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             319016595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples      1265671                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean      95.270205                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     79.074326                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev     86.509072                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127       1043420     82.44%     82.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255       130003     10.27%     92.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        43834      3.46%     96.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511        35188      2.78%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639        11850      0.94%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1193      0.09%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           87      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           34      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           62      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total       1265671                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                61383552                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 61384064                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 59197696                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              59199232                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst        75008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst        74688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu2.inst        74752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu3.inst        87744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         312192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst          75008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu0.data        4122496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst          74688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu1.data        4140032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu2.inst          74752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu2.data        4126912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu3.inst          87744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu3.data       48682432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            61384064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     59199232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         59199232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.inst         1172                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu0.data        64414                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.inst         1167                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu1.data        64688                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.inst         1168                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu2.data        64483                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.inst         1371                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu3.data       760663                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.inst     40133.96                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu0.data     58230.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.inst     40351.97                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu1.data     58591.91                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.inst     39085.62                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu2.data     58328.42                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.inst     33718.82                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu3.data     51317.16                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.inst        75008                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu0.data      4122240                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.inst        74688                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu1.data      4139968                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.inst        74752                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu2.data      4126784                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.inst        87744                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu3.data     48682368                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu0.inst 404207.892103049147                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu0.data 22214189.701670132577                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu1.inst 402483.455703292100                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu1.data 22309723.478216674179                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu2.inst 402828.342983243521                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu2.data 22238676.698546681553                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu3.inst 472840.460813379148                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu3.data 262342648.142397254705                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.inst     47037002                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu0.data   3750880868                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.inst     47090751                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu1.data   3790193592                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.inst     45652000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu2.data   3761191369                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.inst     46228504                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu3.data  39035066810                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       924988                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   4806107.77                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     59197696                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 319008318.012973308563                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 4445592011553                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         52482                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2823113                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              874839                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         52482                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu0.inst            1172                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu0.data           64414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu1.inst            1167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu1.data           64688                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu2.inst            1168                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu2.data           64483                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu3.inst            1371                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu3.data          760663                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               959126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        924988                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              924988                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     32.82                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              60856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              59263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              59226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              59636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              59706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              59815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              59649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              59306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              59468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              59377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             59258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             59252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             59536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             59293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             60963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             64514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              57117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              57149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              57446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              57957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              58082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              58161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              58206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              58251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              58154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              57867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             57794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             57939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             58135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             58067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             57544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             57095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000998460500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185567876000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        52482                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       18.275028                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      17.818152                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      35.343259                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          52478     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          52482                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   871735                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                    75708                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                     8803                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                     2872                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     959126                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 959126                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       959126                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                   5.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     51091                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  4795590000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   185567806000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              50523340896                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                   32539878396                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        52482                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.624405                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.582214                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.229192                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             14342     27.33%     27.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17              3238      6.17%     33.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18             27313     52.04%     85.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19              4363      8.31%     93.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20              2413      4.60%     98.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::21               474      0.90%     99.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::22               179      0.34%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::23                94      0.18%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::24                49      0.09%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::25                17      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          52482                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                   33957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                   37692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   48318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   51499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   52657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   53131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   53472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   53639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   53824                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   53770                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   53683                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   54578                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   53704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   53827                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   58336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   53191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   52792                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   52706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                     154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                      41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    924988                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                924988                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      924988                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 61.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   567313                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy           78447285690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy                4503726360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actPowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             598.232261                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11789635515                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF     6196320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::SREF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   167581920485                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy            5197192320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                2393775945                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.prePowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy               3409042980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy          14648100480.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.selfRefreshEnergy                 0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy            111012689955                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalIdleTime                     0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy              2413566180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy           78839685660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy                4533214560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actPowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             598.977605                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10954704022                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF     6196320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::SREF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   168416851978                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy            4866750240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                2409445500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.prePowerDownEnergy                0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy               3439059540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy          14648100480.000002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.selfRefreshEnergy                 0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy            111151001880                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalIdleTime                     0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy              2414745900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2865746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2cache.mem_side::total      2865746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2865746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    120583232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2cache.mem_side::total    120583232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               120583232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 185567876000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy          5621724833                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         5434660628                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            959126                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  959126    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              959126                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       947495                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       1906621                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             802286                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       924988                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            22507                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            156839                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           156839                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        802287                       # Transaction distribution

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
